{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang2057{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Courier New;}}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\ul\b\f0\fs36 Lethal Penguin 3\par
\ulnone\b0\fs24\par
By Nathan Cross and Jon Hyde\par
\par
Draft Zero B (04 October 2002)\par
\par
FADE IN.\par
\par
EXT. THE CITY - NIGHT\par
\par
PAN ACROSS moonlit city. MOVE IN on run-down apartment blocks. On one rooftop stand two men. One of them is short and weaselly looking, and is carrying a briefcase; he is accompanied by a very tall bald man. They stand together, watching as a third man approaches. Despite being alone, he strolls calmly, fearlessly. He is carrying a blue holdall and is wearing sunglasses.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 WEASEL\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Stop right there. Open your jacket.\par
\pard\par
The third man stops and holds his jacket open. There are no weapons visible.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 WEASEL\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Turn around, hold your jacket up.\par
\pard\par
The third man does so. Still no weapons.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 WEASEL\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Okay, that\rquote s good. Come on over.\par
\pard\par
The third man resumes walking, stopping a few metres away from the two men. Smirking, he throws the holdall onto the rooftop between him and the other two.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 WEASEL\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Is that it?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 COOL\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Yeah.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 WEASEL\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Good. (To BALD MAN) Count it.\par
\pard\par
The BALD MAN steps forward.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 COOL\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Where\rquote s the stuff?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 WEASEL\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Don\rquote t you worry about that. We gotta check you brought enough green first.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 COOL\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 (Shakes his head) Uh-uh. I want to see the merchandise, right now.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 WEASEL\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Oh really? Or what?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 COOL\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Or there\rquote ll be trouble.\par
\pard\par
CUT TO BRIEF FAST PAN ACROSS ANOTHER ROOFTOP\par
\par
We hear fast, quiet footsteps. Somebody\rquote s running, very quickly.\par
\par
\par
CUT TO MEETING\par
\par
\pard\li3220 WEASEL\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I\rquote d be interested to see what kind of trouble you think you can bring us. I mean, it\rquote d have to be the kind of trouble with no guns, wouldn\rquote t it?\par
\pard\par
The BALD MAN smirks and picks up the holdall.\par
\par
\par
CUT TO FAST PAN\par
\par
The footsteps are getting a little louder, a little faster. The camera falls back slightly, allowing us to see the source of the noise. Two orange webbed feet. We hear the sound of a shotgun being primed.\par
\par
\par
CUT TO MEETING\par
\par
The BALD MAN pulls a bundle of newspaper out of the holdall. Frowning, he throws both the newspaper and the holdall down.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 WEASEL\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 (Shaking his head sadly) That\rquote s too bad, Jonny. I kind of liked you. It\rquote ll be sad to see you go.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 COOL\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I\rquote m not going anywhere.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 WEASEL\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I guess not.\par
\pard\par
The BALD MAN takes the pistol stuck in his trousers and pulls the bolt back.\par
\par
\par
CUT TO FAST PAN\par
\par
PULL BACK to reveal BOB running across a rooftop. He is dressed entirely in black, carrying a pump-action shotgun and has a wild look in his eyes. (Even for him.)\par
\par
Suddenly he runs out of roof. He leaps into the darkness.\par
\par
\par
PAN TO MEETING\par
\par
BOB hits the roof behind COOL, rolling forward and firing once. The BALD MAN gets off a round before the buckshot hits him, throws him backwards. WEASEL watches, stunned, and drops his briefcase, which falls open to reveal dozens of C15 cassette tapes, all with \lquote TREASURE ISLAND DIZZY\rquote  written on them in biro. COOL hasn\rquote t moved.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 COOL\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Evening.\par
\pard\par
BOB gets up and walks towards COOL, carrying his shotgun in one hand. WEASEL begins to back away from the scene, slowly reaching under his jacket and trying to get his own gun from its holster. BOB stops beside COOL, taking a revolver from the holster on his belt and handing it over. WEASEL trips and ends up on his back, still scrabbling at the rooftop to get away. COOL takes the pistol, doesn\rquote t bother pointing it at WEASEL. He instead reaches into his jacket and produces a small wallet. He flips it open to reveal a police badge, which he shows to WEASEL.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 COOL\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I\rquote m Detective Sergeant Murtaugh. This is Detective Sergeant Riggs. You\rquote re nicked.\par
\pard\par
\par
\par
YS3 PRESENTS\par
\par
A NATHAN CROSS/JON HYDE FILM\par
\par
STARRING BOB SMITH AND JON HYDE\par
\par
\ul\b\fs36 LETHAL PENGUIN 3\ulnone\b0\fs24\par
\par
\par
INT. POLICE HQ\par
\par
The Miscellaneous Crime Department is, as ever, bustling with anonymous detectives. BOB and JON enter and head for their desks.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 That was a weird one.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I don\rquote t like arresting suspects either, but we can\rquote t kill all of \lquote em.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 No, no. I mean the bust itself was weird. The tip-off said Half-Life 2 and Quake 4, but...\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Yeah, I know. I was rather looking forward to seeing what Valve have been doing for the last five years too.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Is the captain in? I want to talk to him about this.\par
\pard\par
CAPTAIN O\rquote HARA\rquote S OFFICE.\par
\par
O\rquote HARA opens the door to his office and opens his mouth to yell. He stops, stunned, as JON and BOB are standing right outside the door, JON\rquote s hand raised to knock.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 O\rquote HARA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Riggs? Murtaugh?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Your office?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 O\rquote HARA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Come in.\par
\pard\par
The two men and the penguin assume their usual positions around O\rquote HARA\rquote s desk.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 O\rquote HARA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 You, er, killed another suspect.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Self-defence.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 And we did arrest one of them.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 O\rquote HARA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Yes, you did. I actually want to congratulate you on your good work this evening.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Er... Thanks.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 O\rquote HARA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 You can leave the interrogation until the morning if you like. Are you expecting to get anything out of him?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 It didn\rquote t feel like a two-man operation. We\rquote ll get at least one contact out of him, maybe a lead on the Archivists.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 O\rquote HARA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Excellent.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Er, there was one thing, sir.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 O\rquote HARA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Oh?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 The tip we got said we could expect a lot of pirate software. Quake 4, Monkey Island 5: Mission To Moscow, that kind of thing.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 O\rquote HARA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I thought you brought back their van? And it was full of pirated software?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Well, technically, yes, we did.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 O\rquote HARA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 So what\rquote s your problem?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Treasure Island Dizzy?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 O\rquote HARA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Pirated, right?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 It was released on the Spectrum in 1987.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 O\rquote HARA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 And that makes it not pirated how?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Well...\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 O\rquote HARA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Murtaugh, we\rquote re here to enforce the law, not interpret it. You wanna mess around with how legal or illegal something is you shoulda been a lawyer.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 But...\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Thank you sir! We\rquote ll be getting out of your office now!\par
\pard\par
BOB grabs JON\rquote s arm and pulls him out of O\rquote HARA\rquote s office. O\rquote HARA watches them go, then walks over to his office window and looks up at the sky outside.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 O\rquote HARA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Is it a full moon or something?\par
\pard\par
\par
INT. POLICE HQ - CORRIDOR\par
\par
BOB and JON are walking down the corridor, side by side, headed for the interview room.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 What the hell was that about? There we are, being congratulated on a job well done, and you start complaining about it?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 It didn\rquote t seem right.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 What, us being congratulated?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 No, the bust. We got sent after a load of old tat that nobody can seriously sell any more.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 It\rquote s illegal, ergo we stop it. It\rquote s what they pay us for, remember?\par
\pard\par
The two detectives reach their interview room. JON looks at BOB, unconvinced.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Hmm.\par
\pard\par
He opens the door and they enter...\par
\par
\par
INT. POLICE HQ - INTERVIEW ROOM\par
\par
The WEASEL they arrested earlier is sitting on one side of a table, facing two empty chairs on the other side. As the two detectives enter, WEASEL stands up.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 WEASEL\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Where\rquote s my phone call?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 How are we doing this morning, Charlie?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CHARLIE\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 The food here stinks.\par
\pard\par
JON takes a seat at the table. BOB walks slowly around the table.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 So do you, but we can eat out, so it\rquote s not all bad. You gonna talk to us?\par
\pard\par
BOB stops behind CHARLIE.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 CHARLIE\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Sure. How \lquote bout them Nicks?\par
\pard\par
BOB grabs CHARLIE\rquote s shoulders and pushes him back down onto his chair.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 How \lquote bout them pirate games? Where\rquote d they come from?\par
\pard\par
BOB continues to walk around the table.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 CHARLIE\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 The tooth fairy left \lquote em under my pillow. Come on, when was the last time you saw Treasure Island Dizzy in Electronics Boutique?\par
\pard\par
BOB picks up the empty chair.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 When was the last time you saw a man swallow a chair?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Look, we know you\rquote re just small-time.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CHARLIE\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Oh yeah?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Yeah. See, we\rquote re kind of like fishermen. We\rquote re really enthusiastic fishermen. Especially Sergeant Riggs here. We use biiig nets.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CHARLIE\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 You got a point?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Big nets have big holes. Now, if we were to find our net filled by big fish, we might not notice the little fish. They could just swim away, through the big holes.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CHARLIE\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 You\rquote ve been watching NYPD Blue, haven\rquote t you?\par
\pard\par
JON stands up. BOB puts his chair down, but continues to glare at CHARLIE.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I\rquote m just giving you a way out of this. I thought you might be smart. Coffee?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CHARLIE\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 No thanks. My phone call\rquote d be nice though.\par
\pard\par
JON turns around and walks over to the kettle next to the window.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Well, I need some coffee. I\rquote m still pretty tired, what with being up all night arresting bad guys. How about you Bob? You must\rquote ve been up pretty late too, what with that nine hour Dirty Harry marathon on TV last night.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CHARLIE\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Dirty Harry?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 You got it, punk.\par
\pard\par
JON focuses intently on pouring himself a cup of coffee, ignoring the sound of muffled screaming behind him.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 You know, I was sure you were a smart guy. Not like the others. You just look smarter. Maybe it\rquote s the jacket. In fact, I was just saying to Sergeant Riggs earlier that you must be a smart guy. I was sure you\rquote d take advantage of the opportunity we were giving you.\par
\pard\par
JON turns around. BOB and CHARLIE are exactly where they were before he went for coffee, only CHARLIE is crying. JON sits back down and sips his coffee.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Mmmm, caffeine. You sure you don\rquote t want some?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CHARLIE\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 No... (BOB glares) No, thank you.\par
\pard\par
JON looks down and sighs. Suddenly he reaches forward, grabs CHARLIE by the hair and slams his face into the table.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 (Hissing into CHARLIE\rquote s ear) Listen you worthless scab, I don\rquote t care what happens to you. I don\rquote t care whether you tell us everything you know about your supplier, including how we find them, or whether you go to jail for at least ten years for copyright violations, or whether you suffer one of those weird fatal accidents that statistically we\rquote re allowed another seventeen of this year before anyone\rquote ll take any notice. But maybe you have a preference?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CHARLIE\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Uh-huh.\par
\pard\par
JON releases CHARLIE, who sits back up in his chair, blood leaking from his now broken nose. BOB turns to JON.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I thought you were good cop?\par
\pard\par
\par
INT. JON\rquote S CAR - DAY\par
\par
The detectives are driving through the city streets. JON is at the wheel. BOB is riding shotgun, throwing the occasional appreciative glance at tightly-clothed young women as the car passes them by.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 You\rquote ve really got to pay more attention to the rota sheet.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I don\rquote t know. I think bad cop/psychotic cop works better.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Let\rquote s just hope he doesn\rquote t squeal to his lawyer.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Yeah. Lawyer blood is really difficult to wash out of feathers. Right, quick recap: what\rquote s your name?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Jon Hayes.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 What do you do for a living?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I write for a web-based magazine.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 What\rquote s the pay like?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 No money, but as many toffee cream slices as I can fit in my pockets while the boss isn\rquote t looking.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Where do you live?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I\rquote m staying at a friend\rquote s for a few days.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Okay. Now, pop quiz, hotshot - the supplier turns out to be a stunningly attractive woman with eyes that bore through her glasses and straight into your soul, with a smile that begs you to just grab her and kiss her. She asks if you\rquote re a cop. What do you do? What *do* you do?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Er... No, wait, I know this one... Um...\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 You lie, damn it! (He puts his head in his hands.) Oh, this is never going to work...\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Oh, come on, Bob, this is my first time undercover.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 What about last night?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 That hardly counts. You always do the fun stuff and I always end up stuck in the car, or standing in the cold with no guns. I\rquote ll be fine once I\rquote m out there. Besides, what are the chances of this... (Looks at his note pad) ...Cassandra Noble being stunningly attractive? If she\rquote s a woman with an interest in computers she must have a forehead the size of my phone bill and glasses thicker than you.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I\rquote ll ignore the insult and remind you that if you blow your cover you risk ending your career being mopped up by Forensics.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Oh, please. She\rquote s got no record of violent crime. Besides, it\rquote s one girl. What could possibly go wrong?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Knowing you, she\rquote ll be a trained ninja or something. Look, I\rquote ll be right outside. If you run into a problem in there...\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Such as her suddenly producing some nunchucks and vowing to avenge the deaths of her parents?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 ...just yell and I\rquote ll take care of it. Now, equipment check. Gimme your badge.\par
\pard\par
JON takes out his badge and hands it over.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Cuffs too.\par
\pard\par
JON hands over his cuffs.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Your gun?\par
\pard\par
JON looks confused, but takes out his revolver. BOB looks down at it and shakes his head.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 A .357 police special. I don\rquote t know why you bother carrying that relic. Here.\par
\pard\par
BOB pulls a Beretta from his belt and gives it to Jon, along with two extra magazines.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Beretta M92, 18 9 milly rounds plus one chambered. The safety\rquote s on. (He holds up the revolver.) I\rquote ll drop this thing off at the museum.\par
\pard\par
BOB stuffs the revolver into the glove compartment. BOB stares thoughtfully at JON.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 What is it now?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Do you need to wear those glasses?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Do you need me to keep the car off the pavement?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Do you need them when you\rquote re not driving?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Technically, no, but...\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 When you get out of the car, take them off.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Why?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Just trust me.\par
\pard\par
\par
EXT. OUTSIDE THE CAFE\par
\par
The car draws to a halt outside the cafe. JON and BOB get out, and JON takes off his glasses, putting them in a pocket in his jacket.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Well, here goes.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Good luck. And remember, if you need me just scream like a nervous child who\rquote s just been told where babies come from.\par
\pard\par
BOB starts walking down the street. JON enters the cafe and looks around, finally spotting his table at the back of the room. He walks up to it, a little fast, a little nervous, smiles uncertainly at the woman sitting at the table with a cup of coffee and a bagel.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Miss Noble?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Maybe. You a cop?\par
\pard\par
CASSANDRA is a stunningly attractive dark-haired young woman with intense eyes that try unsuccessfully to hide behind her glasses. She has a playful, enigmatic smile.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 A ha ha. No. My name\rquote s Jon Hayes. Do you mind if I join you?\par
\pard\par
CASSANDRA waves to the seat opposite her.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Go for it. So, do I know you?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I doubt it. A friend of mine told me how to find you. I understand you can get hold of certain pieces of software.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Oh?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Old pieces of software.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 What was your friend\rquote s name?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Charlie. He said he knew you quite well, that he\rquote d got all kinds of stuff from you. Even Codemasters games.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Sounds like Charlie talks a lot.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Not really. You wouldn\rquote t believe what I had to go through to find out about you. Looks like it was worth it, though. Er, if you can get me these games, I mean.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Thank you. Did you have anything in particular in mind?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Not really. We could start with coffee, perhaps?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I meant games.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Well, old stuff, mainly. I really don\rquote t have anything particular in mind. I\rquote m still looking for the right one, I guess. (Smiles.) What have you got?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Flu, I think. How could you tell?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Uh... What games do you have?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 All of them.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 All of them?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Mm-hm.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Wow.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Look, you make up a list of what you want, and I\rquote ll tell you what it\rquote s going to cost, okay? I\rquote ll meet you here same time tomorrow.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Okay.\par
\pard\par
CASSANDRA stands up and starts to walk away. She turns and winks at JON.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Take care of yourself now.\par
\pard\par
CASSANDRA leaves the cafe. As she leaves, a penguin enters. BOB crosses the cafe and takes her seat at the table.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 So how\rquote d it go?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I\rquote m seeing her tomorrow.\par
\pard\par
There is a moment\rquote s pause.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 That\rquote s your complete report?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Uh, sorry. She wants me to make a list of games I want so she can price them up, and meet her here same time tomorrow.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Okay. That shouldn\rquote t be too tricky.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I told her I was interested in old games. I\rquote m hoping I can get the complete Dizzy collection.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Did she like you?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Well, she agreed to see me again. Isn\rquote t that enough?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 But is she in it for the money, or does she actually like you?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I don\rquote t know. We hardly spoke really.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Hmm. Did she seem suspicious at all?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Not really. She did ask me if I was a cop, but I think she was joking. (Catching BOB\rquote s expression) Don\rquote t worry, I remembered to lie.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Good. Well, since we\rquote re here it seems a shame to waste the expenses claim form. Mine\rquote s an espresso.\par
\pard\par
JON gestures at a waitress, who approaches.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 One espresso, one venti frappucino please. And a couple of doughnuts.\par
\pard\par
The waitress nods and walks off to fetch the drinks.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I think it\rquote s gone quite well for my first real undercover role.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Hang on - venti frappucino?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Yes. What\rquote s wrong with that?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Isn\rquote t he the mafia hitman we busted six months ago?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 It\rquote s a type of coffee.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I\rquote ve never heard coffee pronounced with six syllables before.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 These are more enlightened times, Bob. It\rquote s perfectly respectable to take an interest in the wide variety of beverages that are now at your disposal. And I just happen to like frappucino.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Hmm. I\rquote ll counter your insinuations at unsophistication on my part by stating that the doughnuts are a bit of a giveaway as to your true occupation.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Curses.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Don\rquote t worry, the frappucino\rquote ll cover you. No self-respecting cop\rquote d drink something that took longer to pronounce than to drink.\par
\pard\par
The waitress returns with a tray, from which she takes two cups of coffee and a couple of doughnuts and places them on the table before leaving.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 So she\rquote s into old games, then?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I think so. She claimed to have access to any game, so I guess she must be a pretty serious collector. But she didn\rquote t seem fazed when I asked about old stuff.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Hmm. (Thinks for a moment.) I think I\rquote ve got a way guaranteed to get you into her little operation.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 But?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I\rquote m not sure you\rquote d like the effect it\rquote d have on her.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 What do you mean?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I can get her to fall completely in love with you. She\rquote ll do whatever you want.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 You\rquote ve only mentioned this after nearly three years of working together?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Thing is, she\rquote s a bad guy, and you\rquote ve got to remember that. She\rquote s going to be putty in your hands, and you\rquote re going to have to manipulate her for your own ends.\par
\pard\par
JON chokes on his coffee.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Oh, you know what I mean. I\rquote m just not sure that you\rquote re ready for this sort of deceit and trickery. It requires a certain sort of person.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Hey, I can be devious and underhand!\par
\pard\par
BOB stares at JON, unimpressed. JON hangs his hand.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Alright, I\rquote m terrible at being devious and underhand. But I can learn. I could be as sneaky and treacherous as a lawyer with a little practice.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Okay. I suppose you have to try it at some point.\par
\pard\par
BOB fishes an audio cassette from his coat pocket.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Get her to load this tape on a Sinclair Spectrum.\par
\pard\par
JON reaches out to take the tape, but BOB keeps a firm grip on it.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Do not let this tape out of your sight. Do not let her copy it, even if she bats her eyelids and offers to show you her Dragon. Take up whatever offers she makes, by all means, but do not, under any circumstances, let her copy this tape. You got me?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Okay. Don\rquote t let her copy the tape.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I mean it. Shoot her if you have to, but this tape musn\rquote t fall into the wrong hands, or I\rquote ll be in very serious trouble.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Whatever you say. You can trust me.\par
\pard\par
BOB releases the tape.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Yeah... I hope so. Now, I\rquote d better get back to the office. (BOB takes a bunch of keys from his coat pocket.) Here\rquote s the spare keys to my apartment. I\rquote ll see you later.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Bye then.\par
\pard\par
BOB gets up and leaves the cafe. JON sits back and continues drinking his coffee, looking thoughtfully at the tape that BOB has left him.\par
\par
\par
INT. BOB\rquote S APARTMENT\par
\par
There is the sound of keys in the front door, followed by the door itself swinging open. JON enters, carrying a holdall in one hand and BOB\rquote s keys in the other. JON looks around. The apartment is not particularly vast, but not particularly small either. It\rquote s quite dark, the only light coming from the sunset streaming between the closed blinds and the artificial light from the hall through the open door. JON closes the door behind him and switches on a light, going for a quick self-administered tour of where BOB lives. There is not much in the way of furnishing; the lounge is the most cluttered room, with a chair, a sofa, table and TV. There are no cupboards, bookshelves, paintings or plants. There are occasional stacks of cardboard boxes. There is a coatstand with a long, black trenchcoat and a bulletproof vest hanging from it. JON sits down on the sofa, picks up a remote from the table before him and switches on the TV. He then stands up, lifts up a cushion on the sofa and picks up the Uzi underneath it. He looks at in mild alarm before replacing the cushion and setting the firearm down on the table. JON heads for the kitchen.\par
\par
There is no sound as the front door opens again, and no sound as it closes behind BOB. He glances down, noting the holdall in the hall. He pauses, his eyes not focusing on anything for a moment as he tries to sense exactly who is in his apartment and where they are.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Now, where would I be if I were a kettle?\par
\pard\par
BOB enters the kitchen. JON is performing a slow, thorough search of BOB\rquote s cupboards. BOB observes, unnoticed.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 More importantly, where would I be if were Bob\rquote s kettle?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Why would I have a kettle?\par
\pard\par
JON whirls around, his hand instinctively snapping to his pistol. His alarm fades when he sees BOB.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I think you\rquote ve had enough coffee anyway.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Well, what do you drink, then?\par
\pard\par
BOB opens the refrigerator and reveals the contents.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Beer, or Coke. Too much caffeine in Coke, so you\rquote re having beer.\par
\pard\par
BOB takes out two bottles of Kozel, the Beer of Champions, and pulls a combat knife from his belt, using the bottle opener in the hilt to open the bottles with practised speed. He hands a bottle to JON and returns the knife to his belt.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 So how was your day?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Tedious. I\rquote ll tell you what, I\rquote ll be glad when you\rquote re back typing up the reports. I really can\rquote t take much more of this desk work.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Has O\rquote Hara made any comments on your style?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Yeah. He wants more prose and less short bullet point lists.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Funny. He always says the exact opposite to me.\par
\pard\par
The two detectives enter the lounge and sit down at opposite ends of the sofa. The TV is still on. Anne Robinson is mercilessly ripping into some Americans.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 So what have you been up to? You can\rquote t have been back long if you\rquote re still looking for a kettle.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 No. I had another couple of coffees, then I went to the museum, looked at some art. (JON looks around again.) You know, you could probably do with a few paintings or something here. Just something to break up the walls a little.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 If I wanted my walls broken up I\rquote d move to Baghdad. There\rquote s nothing wrong with a minimalist environment.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Apart from the brain-crushing emptiness.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Are you going to spend the whole of this assignment complaining about my decorating skills? Perhaps you\rquote d rather use your place as a base of operations for undercover work? I\rquote m sure those women you\rquote re living with wouldn\rquote t mind if somebody followed you back and decided to shoot the place up a bit.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Alright, I\rquote m sorry. You know I appreciate you letting me stay with you.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Huh. That\rquote ll be why you do nothing but complain, then.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I\rquote m sorry, okay? I\rquote ll make it up to you.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 How?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I don\rquote t know... I\rquote ll take you out to dinner after this case is over.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Pizza?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Would I buy you anything else?\par
\pard\par
The two detectives sit in silence for a while, drinking beer and watching The Weakest Link.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 So what do you do in your spare time, Bob?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I don\rquote t really get that much spare time.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 But what do you do when you do have some?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I watch TV.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 And?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 What do you mean, \lquote and\rquote ?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Don\rquote t you have any hobbies? Don\rquote t you spend your time doing something difficult and unusual yet creative, if only to impress women?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Such as?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Well, I don\rquote t know...\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 What do you do in your spare time?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Um... I write.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 You what?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I write.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 You mean you spend half your day typing up reports, desperately trying to balance straightforward reportage with concise breakdowns of the facts as we need them to be known for the sake of prosecution or continued employment, then get home and write some more? Are you insane? (Pauses for a swig from his bottle.) What do you write?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I\rquote m writing a book.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Oh?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Well, it\rquote s more sort of an autobiography. My memoirs, I suppose. It\rquote s based on my experiences as a police officer.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 What sort of experiences would those be, then? How about that grandmother with the chainsaw at the supermarket last week, is she in it?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 No, not yet.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Well, am I in it?\par
\pard\par
JON says nothing.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Well? Am I?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Of course you are.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I\rquote m not, am I? You\rquote re writing your memoirs and I don\rquote t even make the footnotes.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Don\rquote t be silly. I really haven\rquote t got very far with it. I\rquote ve only got as far as that thing with Maxwell and Tracey a couple of years ago, and we\rquote d hardly been working together then. And how could I write up that one without mentioning you?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 You wouldn\rquote t have got to Maxwell\rquote s office if I hadn\rquote t brought that chainsaw.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Exactly.\par
\pard\par
BOB grins widely.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 The look on that accountant\rquote s face...\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON & BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 BAAAASTAAAAARD!\par
\pard\par
The pair start laughing.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I\rquote m glad I didn\rquote t have to clean up the mess after that one.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Y\rquote know, I sometimes feel sorry for the guys that do. Now that never happened before I started working with you. You may be crazy, but you know how to do your job and make a big mess doing it.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Damn straight. You know, I think as a team we must have busted or killed more bad guys than any other cop in the history of law enforcement.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Mostly killed.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Can\rquote t argue with the low rate of re-offence.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 True, true.\par
\pard\par
There is another pause. Anne Robinson glares as a teary-eyed American takes the Walk of Shame.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 (Not looking at JON.) Of all the partners I\rquote ve worked with, you\rquote re easily the one I\rquote d most want as backup.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 (Looks at BOB and nods appreciatively, clearly touched.) Thanks, Bob. That means a lot.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Of course, you\rquote re the only one who\rquote s still alive, but... still.\par
\pard\par
JON returns his gaze to the television.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Yeah... Thanks.\par
\pard\par
\par
INT. CAFE\par
\par
The cafe again. JON is sitting at a window table, casually flicking through a copy of ZXF and drinking coffee. He is, once again, not wearing his glasses. CASSANDRA enters and spots him at once. She smiles briefly before walking over and sitting opposite JON.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Good morning. Jon, isn\rquote t it?\par
\pard\par
JON looks up from his magazine and smiles.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Hi. How are you?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I\rquote m good.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Can I get you a coffee?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Thanks.\par
\pard\par
JON waves the waitress over.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Uh, decaf please.\par
\pard\par
The waitress leaves.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 So, have you made your list?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Not yet. I was wondering if I could actually see what you\rquote ve got first.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Oh, I don\rquote t think so.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 No? Why not?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Nobody gets to see The Archive.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 The Archive?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 You ask an awful lot of questions.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Well, you don\rquote t explain yourself very well.\par
\pard\par
The waitress returns with CASSANDRA\rquote s coffee.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 (To the waitress) Thank you. (The waitress leaves.) I\rquote m sorry. It\rquote s not an easy thing for me to talk about. The police have been cracking down on software sharing lately.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Really?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 People are actually getting killed, would you believe?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 That seems a little harsh.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Well, sometimes you can see the cops have a point - your friend Charlie\rquote s pretty lucky he\rquote s still alive, the people he hangs around with. But then, he\rquote s in it for all the wrong reasons, isn\rquote t he?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I thought he was in it for the money.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 He is. You don\rquote t get it, do you? Never mind.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 So, what is this Archive?\par
\pard\par
CASSANDRA smiles her enigmatic smile.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Unfortunately, nobody can be told what the Archive is. You just have to see it for yourself.\par
\pard\par
JON leans forward and smiles conspiratorially.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Show me.\par
\pard\par
CASSANDRA shakes her head.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I can\rquote t.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 How about if I could give you something?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Like what?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 A game.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I told you, we have them all.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Not this one. Nobody has this one.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 What game is it?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 You\rquote ll have to see it for yourself. Got a Spectrum handy?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Back at my place.\par
\pard\par
JON smiles at CASSANDRA.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Let\rquote s go.\par
\pard\par
\par
EXT. CAFE\par
\par
JON and CASSANDRA leave the cafe. Across the street BOB is nonchalantly leaning against the window of a jewellery store and eating a hot-dog. He watches as JON and CASSANDRA walk down the street and starts to follow. He has taken barely a step when a car screeches to a halt beside him. Three men in rubber masks carrying a range of small arms jump out. BOB looks non-plussed as Tony Blair, John Major and Margaret Thatcher run past him into the store, leaving Peter Mandelson at the wheel of the car. He turns to watch their robbery start, then looks back as JON and CASSANDRA approach a car. JON glances at BOB, and their eyes meet for a second. JON gets into the car. BOB sighs and turns back to the robbery. The penguin draws a plain black Desert Eagle handgun from the holster on his belt and shoots the Prime Ministers through the plate glass window, which shatters. BOB turns back to the waiting getaway car. Peter Mandelson puts his hands up. BOB approaches the car and, finishing his hot dog, jumps into the passenger seat.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 You any good at this getaway lark?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 PETER\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Uh, normally, yeah.\par
\pard\par
BOB points at CASSANDRA\rquote s car as it pulls away from the kerb.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 See that grey saloon? Tail it. And take it easy, I\rquote m undercover.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 PETER\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 You got it.\par
\pard\par
\par
INT. JEWELLERY STORE\par
\par
The staff and customers aren\rquote t sure what they should be doing. Some of them look at the fallen thieves moaning and rolling on the floor in confusion. The two security guards pull their own guns and approach the thieves, dazed. A few other customers watch through the shattered window as the getaway car pulls away and heads after CASSANDRA\rquote s car.\par
\par
\par
CAR FOLLOWING SCENE\par
\par
\par
INT. CASSANDRA\rquote S APARTMENT\par
\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Well, this is it. My humble home.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 It\rquote s nice, I like it.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Sorry about the mess. I\rquote d say I don\rquote t get a lot of time to clean up, but I do. I\rquote m just a really messy person.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 It\rquote s okay. It makes a change from where I\rquote m staying at the moment.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Oh?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Staying with a friend. He\rquote s... uh... sort of a neatness freak. Sort of.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 God, that\rquote d be a nightmare. Then again, if I was living with a neatness freak I wouldn\rquote t spend so much time apologising for the mess. Not that I invite people back here often, but... Sorry. I\rquote m a little nervous.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Curious about the game, huh?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Uh, yeah. Have a seat, I\rquote ll just hook this thing up.\par
\pard\par
CASSANDRA fiddles with the cables behind her TV and pulls the Spectrum from atop the video player. The screen at once flicks to the startup screen of a Plus Two.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 There we go. Load it up. Uh, you do know how to work this, right?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Of course I do.\par
\pard\par
Without a pause, JON flicks the cursor to 48K BASIC and enters the usual commands. He takes the tape from his jacket, puts it into the drive and sets it running.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 And now we wait.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Just like the old days, eh? What did you do while you waited for stuff to load?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Oh, a hundred and one different things.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Oh, where are my manners; can I get you a drink?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Thanks.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 What would you like? I have coffee, tea, beer...\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Beer\rquote s good.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Beer it is.\par
\pard\par
CASSANDRA heads for the kitchen. JON watches her leave. He turns to watch the TV screen again as the loading screen begins to appear. As the first third appears, JON looks at it. His jaw drops. A red dot appears on the Spectrum keyboard. JON notices it, and watches as it moves slowly across the keyboard, across the floor and up his body, stopping on his nose. He holds his hand up to keep the light from his eyes, pulls his glasses from his pocket and looks out of the window for source of the light. He sees it at once - BOB stands on the rooftop opposite.\par
\par
\par
EXT. ROOFTOP\par
\par
BOB switches off the laser pointer and sloppily salutes. JON jerks a thumb at the screen, then holds his hands up, as if expecting an explanation in semaphore. BOB points at his eyes, and JON removes his glasses again. PETER is crouched behind an air vent, peeking over at CASSANDRA\rquote s apartment, having taken off his rubber mask in the car.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 PETER\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 That your buddy, huh?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Yeah.\par
\pard\par
BOB puts away the laser pointer and takes a pair of binoculars from under his jacket.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 PETER\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 He\rquote s undercover too, then?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Mm-hm.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 PETER\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Must be a tough job, getting invited home by beautiful women.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Hmm.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 PETER\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I\rquote m sorry. It must really be tough on you, you gotta watch him get invited home by beautiful women.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 She\rquote s not my type.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 PETER\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Oh. Prefer \lquote em a little more feathery, uh?\par
\pard\par
CASSANDRA reenters the lounge carrying two bottles. BOB crouches down and raises the binoculars to his eyes, watching.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I prefer blondes.\par
\pard\par
\par
INT. CASSANDRA\rquote S APARTMENT\par
\par
CASSANDRA sits down on the floor beside JON and hands him one of the bottles she\rquote s carrying. The loading screen has finished loading and CASSANDRA is stunned.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Oh my god.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 You don\rquote t have this one?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 No. My god, this is unbelievable. The Great Giana Sisters... How did you get this?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I could tell you, but then I\rquote d have to kill you.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 It\rquote d almost be worth it. My god.\par
\pard\par
The game finishes loading.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Can I play it?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 That\rquote s rather the point, isn\rquote t it?\par
\pard\par
CASSANDRA shuffles forward to the keyboard and commences play.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Oh wow.\par
\pard\par
There is a loud knock at the door.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Damn! Uh, I\rquote d better get that. I\rquote ll be right back.\par
\pard\par
CASSANDRA stands up, but can\rquote t quite bring herself to walk away.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Don\rquote t worry, it\rquote ll still be here when you get back.\par
\pard\par
CASSANDRA heads for the door, checks the spyhole and opens it. CHARLIE enters, pushing past her. Two goons follow him.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 CHARLIE\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Hey, Cass. How\rquote s tricks?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 What are you doing here?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CHARLIE\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Just looking around. I\rquote ve spent the last couple of days in police custody, thanks to that...\par
\pard\par
CHARLIE enters the lounge and sees JON.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 CHARLIE\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Well, well. Jonny-boy. Move fast, don\rquote t ya?\par
\pard\par
CHARLIE pulls a gun from his belt. CASSANDRA enters.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Charlie, what\rquote s going on?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CHARLIE\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Didn\rquote t you know? Jonny and I are old friends. (To goons) Watch the door!\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 How you doing, Charlie?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CHARLIE\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Pretty good. (Twitches his nose.) Ah, to be honest, I\rquote m a little ticked off, and thinking about getting me some payback. And it doesn\rquote t look like your buddy is here to back you up this time. You carrying?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Sure. You want to see?\par
\pard\par
CHARLIE points his gun at JON.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 CHARLIE\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Uh-uh. Get your hands up.\par
\pard\par
JON complies.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Charlie!\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CHARLIE\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Get her out of here!\par
\pard\par
One of the goons grabs CASSANDRA\rquote s arm and pulls her out of the lounge.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I hope you\rquote re not going to do anything stupid.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CHARLIE\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Depends on what you call stupid. What\rquote s that you got there?\par
\pard\par
CHARLIE looks at the screen. The game has returned to the title screen.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 CHARLIE\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Oh boy. I knew it. I knew it. The damn feds had it all along. Oh, this is gonna make me very popular, Jonny boy. It\rquote s just a shame you\rquote re not gonna be around to see how popular.\par
\pard\par
CHARLIE pulls the hammer back on his pistol.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 There is one thing, Charlie.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CHARLIE\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 What is it? You wanna beg for your life?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Do you remember what happened to the last guy who pulled a gun on me?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CHARLIE\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Your little friend ain\rquote t here to back you up this time, though, is he?\par
\pard\par
A red dot appears on CHARLIE\rquote s hand. CHARLIE notices it immediately, and watches as it tracks along his arm, up to his face, stopping on his forehead. CHARLIE turns to look out of the window.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 CHARLIE\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Ah, crap.\par
\pard\par
There is a gunshot, the window shatters. CHARLIE is spun through the air, shot in the forehead. JON pulls his Beretta from the back of his jeans. One of the goons enters the room, quickly takes in CHARLIE\rquote s dead body and opens fire on JON, missing and hitting the TV. JON dives sideways behind a chair, firing in roughly the goon\rquote s direction. The goon takes cover behind a wall, JON behind the chair. The goon takes a few blind shots into the room while JON hurriedly puts his glasses on. He can see out of the window; BOB is still on the rooftop, Desert Eagle in hand with the laser pointer attached. JON gives him a thumbs-up, then stands up, turning as he does so, and shoots the wall that the goon is hiding behind. The goon yells and falls to the floor, wounded. JON quickly takes the tape from the Spectrum and leaves the lounge.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Cassandra!\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Jon!\par
\pard\par
JON follows the scream to CASSANDRA\rquote s bedroom. The door is open. CASSANDRA is sitting on her bed, looking terrified. JON kick the door, hard. It almost reaches a fully-open position, stopping when it hits the remaining goon. JON dives low into the room, shooting the goon in the leg as he does so. The goon yells, fires at JON, misses. JON shoots him in the stomach, and the goon goes down, still moaning. JON stands up and takes CASSANDRA\rquote s hand.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Let\rquote s get out of here.\par
\pard\par
\par
EXT. ROOFTOP\par
\par
BOB watches through the binoculars as JON leads CASSANDRA out of the apartment. He stands up, puts the binoculars away, and starts walking towards the stairs. PETER follows him.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 PETER\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Oh my god. You killed that guy.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Yep.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 PETER\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Couldn\rquote t you have just wounded him? Shot the gun out of his hand or something?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Could\rquote ve. Didn\rquote t.\par
\pard\par
\par
INT. CASSANDRA\rquote S APARTMENT\par
\par
BOB slowly pushes the front door open, using the wall for cover. He looks inside. One goon is on the floor, leaning against the wall. His shirt is soaked in blood, but he is still conscious. BOB enters, pistol in hand, PETER following close behind.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Hey.\par
\pard\par
The goon looks up at him but doesn\rquote t say anything. He tries to raise his right arm to bring his pistol to bear, but has problems lifting the weight. BOB reaches into his jacket pocket and pulls out his badge, holding it up for the goon.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Drop the gun. You\rquote re under arrest.\par
\pard\par
The goon gives up on trying to aim and drops his pistol.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 GOON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 You wanna... (coughs) ...call me... an ambulance?\par
\pard\par
BOB returns his badge to his pocket and pulls out his mobile phone, quick-dialling a number and holding it to his ear. He approaches the goon, kicks the pistol away from him, and proceeds to search the apartment for the other goon.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 This is Detective Sergeant Riggs. I need a cleanup crew at 224 West Rockford Drive, apartment 17.\par
\pard\par
PETER looks into the lounge and sees CHARLIE\rquote s body. He looks away, feeling suddenly ill. BOB enters CASSANDRA\rquote s bedroom, immediately checking behind the door. The remaining goon is curled up in a ball, lying in a puddle of his own blood.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Yeah, we got one man conscious, one dead, and...\par
\pard\par
BOB crouches down and checks the man\rquote s neck for a pulse.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 One more injured, unconscious.\par
\pard\par
BOB takes the pistol lying beside the unconscious man, sticking it into his belt, and returns to the hall. PETER is crouched beside the conscious goon, holding the semi-automatic pistol BOB kicked away from him. BOB stares at PETER. PETER looks back nervously and stands up, pistol still in hand, but his arm at his side. BOB continues to talk on the phone, but doesn\rquote t take his eyes off PETER.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Well, it was Jon\rquote s bust, I could only see one of \lquote em. ... Fifteen minutes? Okay, thanks. Riggs out.\par
\pard\par
BOB hangs up and puts away his phone.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 You\rquote d better check the safety\rquote s on.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 PETER\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 What?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 The gun. Put the safety on.\par
\pard\par
PETER looks confused for a moment.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 PETER\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Uh... right.\par
\pard\par
PETER examines the gun and with a little difficulty flicks the safety catch to the on position. BOB approaches PETER and the goon and holds his hand out to PETER. PETER hands him the gun, and BOB sticks it in his belt. BOB turns to the goon, crouching before him and examining his injuries.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Looks like the bullet that hit your left arm went clean through and lodged in your chest. Your lung\rquote s collapsed, that\rquote s why you\rquote re having trouble breathing. Keep it shallow and you\rquote ll be okay \lquote til the paramedics get here. You\rquote ve taken a couple of bullets in your stomach, but nothing serious. You\rquote re lucky my partner\rquote s such a bad shot. Now... Who are you?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 GOON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Donald Duck. Who the hell are you?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Well, Mr Duck, I\rquote m a detective. I\rquote d like to know who you and Charlie have been working for.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 GOON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Screw you.\par
\pard\par
BOB reaches out and leans gently on the goon\rquote s chest.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 PETER\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Whoa, what are you doing?\par
\pard\par
The goon gasps in pain.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 PETER\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Hey, stop, you\rquote re hurting him!\par
\pard\par
BOB stops leaning.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 As far as my superiors are concerned, I have no medical training. If the paramedics get here and you\rquote ve already died from your injuries, well, frankly it\rquote d make things a lot easier from my point of view. The report doesn\rquote t have to be so detailed, there\rquote s no messy court case in six months\rquote  time, and I can get back to my doughnuts.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 GOON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 You\rquote re crazy.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 That\rquote d be my defence if anybody survived long enough to prosecute. Who do you work for?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 GOON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Screw you, man, screw...\par
\pard\par
BOB leans on the goon\rquote s chest again, harder this time. He opens his mouth to scream, but can only manage a pained gasp. He bangs his head against the wall a couple of times. PETER watches, shocked. BOB eases off.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 PETER\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Jesus...\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 You\rquote d be surprised just how much pain you can suffer without passing out. Who do you work for?\par
\pard\par
The goon gasps for air.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Who do you work for?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 PETER\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Give him a chance, he can\rquote t breathe.\par
\pard\par
BOB grabs the goon by the hair and presses his head back against the wall. The goon looks back at BOB, terrified.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Who sent you here, huh? Who was it sent Charlie and another of your buddies out to meet my partner the other night, huh? Who\rquote s making all the money out of this? Tell me!\par
\pard\par
The goon starts crying. BOB lets go of his hair.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 PETER\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Come on, man, this is crazy. Just read him his rights and let\rquote s wait for the paramedics, huh?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Last chance. Tell me who you work for.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 PETER\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Oh, god...\par
\pard\par
PETER turns and walks away, into the lounge.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Got your breath back yet?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 GOON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I can\rquote t tell you... They\rquote d kill me.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 They\rquote ve got to find you. I\rquote m here now.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 GOON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I can\rquote t... I can\rquote t...\par
\pard\par
BOB sighs and shakes his head.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 GOON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Please... Don\rquote t hurt me...\par
\pard\par
PETER returns to the hall, CHARLIE\rquote s pistol in hand. He points it at BOB.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 PETER\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Get away from him!\par
\pard\par
BOB doesn\rquote t even look up. In the blink of an eye he has drawn two pistols from his belt and one is pointed at both PETER and the goon. For a few seconds the only sound is the goon\rquote s laboured breathing. Despite holding his gun with both hands, PETER\rquote s aim starts to shake. The sound of sirens draws near. BOB is still looking at the terrified goon.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Last chance.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 GOON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Warehouse seven, Bloomfield Industrial Estate.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Good call.\par
\pard\par
BOB stands up and sticks the pistols back in his belt. He heads for the front door, taking PETER\rquote s pistol as he passes.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Come on. We\rquote ve got work to do.\par
\pard\par
PETER looks in confusion at the relieved goon. BOB is already out of the door.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Come on!\par
\pard\par
PETER turns and runs after the detective.\par
\par
\par
EXT. OUTSIDE CASSANDRA\rquote S APARTMENT BUILDING\par
\par
BOB leaves the building and starts off down the street for PETER\rquote s car. PETER bursts out of the building, running to catch up with BOB.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 PETER\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 What the hell was that?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 That was a successful interrogation. Nice work. The gun was genius, well done.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 PETER\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 What?\par
\pard\par
BOB sighs.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 You just took part in the interview of a suspect using a technique commonly known as good cop/bad cop.\par
\pard\par
BOB and PETER reach their car.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 You make a great good cop.\par
\pard\par
PETER looks perplexed. They both get in the car.\par
\par
\par
INT. CASSANDRA\rquote S CAR\par
\par
CASSANDRA is at the wheel, gripping it tightly as she speeds away from her apartment. JON is in the passenger seat, as calm as you\rquote d expect someone who\rquote s been working with a trigger-happy penguin for four years to be after a relatively tame shootout. He looks at CASSANDRA with concern.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Slow down. You don\rquote t want us to get pulled for speeding, do you?\par
\pard\par
CASSANDRA eases up on the accelerator.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 What the hell was all that about? Why\rquote d Charlie want to kill you?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 We had a bit of a disagreement.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 A *bit* of a disagreement?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 What can I say? You know how fanatical some people can be about games.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I guess. ... I thought you were a journalist?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I am.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 So why do you carry a gun?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 So I can ask the awkward questions. Calm down, okay? Charlie\rquote s dead, there\rquote s nothing to worry about now.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 What do you mean, there\rquote s nothing to worry about? You just killed someone!\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Don\rquote t worry about the police.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I wasn\rquote t. You know what Charlie\rquote s friends are like. They\rquote re crazier than he is. You ever met Francis?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 No.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 You don\rquote t want to. The guy\rquote s a psycho. ... Oh, god, the police...\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Like I said, don\rquote t worry about the police. I can take care of them.\par
\pard\par
CASSANDRA looks at JON, worried.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Oh?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 No, no. I know the right people. They can make this all go away.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Okay... Well, what do we do now?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 We lay low for a while. Do you have anywhere you can stay for a few days?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I guess I can stay at the Archive. How about you? What are you going to do?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Go back to my friend\rquote s apartment, I guess.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Maybe you... No.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 What?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 It\rquote s nothing. It was just a thought.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Go on.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 No, it\rquote s a bad idea.\par
\pard\par
JON sighs and looks out of the window.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I was going to suggest that you come with me to the Archive.\par
\pard\par
JON looks at her, surprised.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I... I\rquote d feel a lot safer if you came with me.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I thought it was top secret?\par
\pard\par
CASSANDRA smiles at JON.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I think you\rquote ve proved yourself worthy, don\rquote t you?\par
\pard\par
JON smiles back.\par
\par
\par
INT. PETER\rquote S GETAWAY CAR\par
\par
PETER is driving himself and BOB through the city.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 PETER\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 So, you\rquote re going to report in.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 A-ha.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 PETER\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I guess you\rquote ll be turning me in, then.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Well, you did take part in an armed robbery.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 PETER\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I was just the driver.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 That\rquote ll cut a couple of years off your sentence.\par
\pard\par
There is a lengthy pause.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 PETER\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Can you drive?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 What?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 PETER\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Can you drive a car? See, I\rquote m wondering how you\rquote re going to get around the city now, follow up on those leads, keep an eye on your buddy.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Hmm. (Thinks it over for a few seconds.) There\rquote s no rush, I guess. And aiding the police with an investigation\rquote ll do your sentence no harm.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 PETER\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Aiding the police... Yeah, I like that. And maybe if my aid is really useful you might, I don\rquote t know, forget how we met.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Don\rquote t push it.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 PETER\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Gotcha.\par
\pard\par
\par
EXT. POLICE HEADQUARTERS\par
\par
PETER\rquote s car draws up at the bottom of the steps.\par
\par
\par
INT. PETER\rquote S GETAWAY CAR\par
\par
\pard\li3220 PETER\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Well, here we are. I\rquote ll just wait here, shall I?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I think that\rquote d be best.\par
\pard\par
BOB takes the keys from the ignition.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 PETER\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 What are you doing?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 It\rquote s not that I don\rquote t trust you, but, well...\par
\pard\par
BOB handcuffs PETER to the steering wheel.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 ...You were helping rob a jewellery store a couple of hours ago.\par
\pard\par
BOB gets out of the car and closes the door. He looks in through the passenger window and grins at PETER.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Don\rquote t go away now, y\rquote hear?\par
\pard\par
\par
INT. POLICE HEADQUARTERS - MISCELLANEOUS CRIMES DEPT.\par
\par
The lift doors open and BOB enters the bustling office. A couple of tightly-uniformed female police officers smile at the penguin as he passes them. BOB smiles nonchalantly back.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Ladies.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 OFFICER\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Hey, Riggs, how\rquote s things?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Ah, you know. You seen the captain?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 OFFICER\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 In his office, I think. He\rquote s probably watching Diagnosis Murder about now.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Thanks.\par
\pard\par
\par
O\rquote HARA\rquote S OFFICE.\par
\par
Captain O\rquote HARA is sitting in his chair, feet resting on his desk. He has a box of iced doughnuts sitting on his lap, and he munches happily on one, engrossed in Dick Van Dyke\rquote s latest investigation as seen on his wall-mounted TV. There is a knock at the door. O\rquote HARA looks up to see BOB through the glass door. The captain closes his eyes and sighs. Finally he faces up to his duty, opens his eyes and beckons the penguin inside.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 O\rquote HARA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Come on in.\par
\pard\par
BOB enters.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 O\rquote HARA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 What are you doing here? Where\rquote s Murtaugh?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 He got invited back to our suspect\rquote s apartment. I followed him, and things were going fine, but then there was a, uh... an incident.\par
\pard\li3220\par
O\rquote HARA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 What kind of an incident?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 One dead, two injured. Jon got out, with the girl, but I don\rquote t know where they\rquote ve gone.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 O\rquote HARA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 That\rquote s just great. He\rquote s not been in contact?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Not yet. But I picked up another lead from one of the goons. He squealed about a warehouse down in Torrance where they\rquote re cranking out pirate games. I was going to check it out while waiting for Jon to call.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 O\rquote HARA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 So what are you doing here?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I left my good guns in the trunk of Jon\rquote s car. I need replacements.\par
\pard\par
O\rquote HARA picks up his phone and starts dialling.\par
\pard\li3220\par
O\rquote HARA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I\rquote ll call SWAT and tell \lquote em you\rquote re coming.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Thanks, cap. I\rquote ll call in when I\rquote m done.\par
\pard\par
BOB opens the door to leave.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 O\rquote HARA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Let me know if Murtaugh gets in touch, too.\par
\pard\par
BOB waves in acknowledgement, and heads back towards the lifts.\par
\par
\par
INT. THE ARCHIVE\par
\par
The door opens into a small, very dark room. There are no lights. CASSANDRA enters, followed by a cautious JON.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Come on in.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 It\rquote s a little dark. Somebody forget to pay the electricity bill?\par
\pard\par
CASSANDRA smiles in the darkness, and fumbles her way to another door. Taking a key from her pocket, she unlocks it and pushes it open. CASSANDRA and JON enter the new, brightly-lit room.\par
\par
This new room is huge. Racks of computer equipment stretch off to the far wall, slicing up the room into supermarket-style aisles. Cables are strewn across the floor between the racks. The air is filled with the sound of clicking, whirring and humming. It may not look state-of-the-art, but the sheer quantity of hardware here would put NASA to shame. JON stares at it in wonder.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Welcome to the Archive.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Wow.\par
\pard\par
A short, non-descript man approaches the pair.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Hello Paul.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 PAUL\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Cassandra... (Looks at JON suspiciously) Who\rquote s this?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 This is Jon Hayes. He\rquote s a journalist.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 PAUL\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Oh, I see. You\rquote re tired of freedom and want to go to jail. Why didn\rquote t you just bring a cop and be done with it?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I know my industry has a bit of a reputation, but I still have some journalistic integrity.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 PAUL\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Sure you do. Don\rquote t suppose you blindfolded him on the way here, did you?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Of course not.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 PAUL\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 No, because that would mean you following the rules. Sorry, man, but I have to do this.\par
\pard\par
PAUL reaches under his jacket. Before he can remove his hand again he finds JON\rquote s Beretta pressed into his forehead. PAUL freezes.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I\rquote ve had enough people shoot at me today. Why don\rquote t you calm down a little, hm?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 PAUL\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Sounds good to me.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I\rquote m on your side.\par
\pard\par
JON lifts his weapon away from PAUL\rquote s head and flicks the safety on. He turns the pistol around and offers it to PAUL. Cautiously PAUL reaches out and takes it.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I\rquote ll want that back when I leave.\par
\pard\par
PAUL looks down at the weapon cradled in his hands, still in shock.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 PAUL\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Dude, I was just gonna give you twenty bucks for a cab home.\par
\pard\par
JON stares at him for a moment, at once embarrassed and disappointed that he\rquote s not dealing with a professional. He snatches the Beretta back and tucks it back into the back of his jeans.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Wait here a minute, okay?\par
\pard\par
CASSANDRA takes PAUL by the arm and leads him away amongst the racks of computer equipment.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I want him to stay.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 PAUL\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 No way. He\rquote s an outsider. He\rquote s a crazy outsider, too.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 He\rquote s got something we haven\rquote t.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 PAUL\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 He\rquote s got two things - a gun and an attitude problem. He\rquote s trouble, Cass.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 He\rquote s also got The Great Giana Sisters.\par
\pard\par
PAUL stops walking and looks at CASSANDRA disbelievingly.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 PAUL\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 You\rquote ve got to be kidding me.\par
\pard\par
CASSANDRA shakes her head, and can\rquote t keep herself from grinning madly.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I\rquote ve seen it.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 PAUL\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 No way.\par
\pard\par
CASSANDRA nods excitedly.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 PAUL\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 The only people who ever saw that game were the programmers at Rainbow Arts and Nintendo\rquote s lawyers. That game\rquote s part of legend. I didn\rquote t even believe it really existed, even after the review in Crash. There\rquote s no way this guy\rquote s got a copy.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 He\rquote s got a copy, I\rquote ve seen it, and I nearly got a game in.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 PAUL\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Nearly?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 You know Charlie?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 PAUL\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 The weasel who hangs around with Francis?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 That\rquote s the one.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 PAUL\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 What about him?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 He came to my apartment. He went crazy, pulled a gun, starting yelling at Jon.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 PAUL\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 So what happened? Where\rquote s Charlie now?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Still at my apartment, I hope. Jon killed him.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 PAUL\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 He did what?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 It was self defence, Paul, he didn\rquote t have any choice. Charlie was going psycho, just walked in and started waving his gun around.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 PAUL\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 He must\rquote ve had a reason. Charlie\rquote s a little wild, but he\rquote s no psycho.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Maybe he\rquote s been hanging around with Francis for too long. I\rquote m telling you, Paul, he went nuts. He brought a couple of his pals with him, too. God knows what they\rquote d have done if Jon hadn\rquote t stopped them.\par
\pard\par
PAUL glances warily at JON.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 PAUL\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I don\rquote t buy it.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Screw you, Paul! I was there! Jon could\rquote ve bailed once he\rquote d killed Charlie, but he didn\rquote t - he saved my life! So you show him a little gratitude, you hear me?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 PAUL\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Okay, okay, chill. If he really has got a copy of Giana Sisters, I guess I can cut him some slack.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Good. Now, you just give me some time alone with him, okay? I don\rquote t want you blowing this whole thing for me.\par
\pard\par
CASSANDRA turns and starts walking back towards JON.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 PAUL\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 For you?\par
\pard\par
PAUL starts after CASSANDRA, and the pair return to JON, who is still looking about himself in awe.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 PAUL\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Well, I guess you\rquote re welcome to take a look around. Cass\rquote ll give you the tour - I\rquote ve got a couple of things to take care of. Apparently.\par
\pard\par
PAUL walks off again, quickly losing himself amongst the computers.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Come on. I\rquote ll show you around.\par
\pard\par
CASSANDRA takes JON by the hand and leads him into the Archive.\par
\par
\par
EXT. INDUSTRIAL ZONE\par
\par
A large warehouse stands in the cold concrete desert. From the outside it\rquote s just another warehouse, with a big number seven painted on the wall. A black limousine draws up outside, and a man wearing a suit and carrying a briefcase gets out. He walks up to the warehouse and knocks on the door.\par
\par
\par
INT. WAREHOUSE SEVEN\par
\par
It\rquote s the world\rquote s most generic warehouse. Filled with crates, computers and copying equipment, the upper level broken up by catwalks and metal stairs. It\rquote s also swarming with bad guys, all carrying some kind of weapon, mostly Uzis. One Uzi-wielding goon lets the man in the suit in and escorts him -across the floor and up some stairs to a small office on the upper level.\par
\par
\par
INT. WAREHOUSE OFFICE\par
\par
The office is as generic as the warehouse it sits in. A large window overlooks the floor, but blinds keep the view semi-concealed. Lounging on a large couch watching a big-screen TV is a man in a leather trenchcoat. He is obviously the man in charge of things here, since the guy with the Uzi knocks before entering, the SUIT behind him. The man in the leather trenchcoat stands up, switches off the television and casually tosses the remote on the table. The SUIT grins broadly as he approaches the man in the leather trenchcoat. The goon with the Uzi leaves, closing the door behind him.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 SUIT\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Francis! How are things?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 FRANCIS\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Not bad, not bad. How\rquote ve you been keeping?\par
\pard\par
The SUIT mimes a golf putt.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 SUIT\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 My handicap\rquote s down two this month.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 FRANCIS\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Good for you. Sit down, take the weight off.\par
\pard\par
Both men sit down on the couch.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 SUIT\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I\rquote m in a hurry today, Francis, so I\rquote ll get straight to business. Here... (Places briefcase on table and opens it) ...are next month\rquote s big releases.\par
\pard\par
The briefcase is filled with gold CDs, each with a small sticky label on to indicate the contents. FRANCIS reaches forward and takes one out, holding it up to the light. According to the label, it\rquote s Deus Ex 2. He smirks.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 SUIT\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I don\rquote t think you\rquote ll have any problems moving these.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 FRANCIS\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Neither do I.\par
\pard\par
FRANCIS returns the CD to the case and closes it, pulling it across the table closer to him.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 SUIT\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 So, usual routine for my payment?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 FRANCIS\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Naturally.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 SUIT\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I heard one of your boys ran into a little problem last night.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 FRANCIS\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Oh?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 SUIT\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Had a little trouble with the police.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 FRANCIS\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 He got busted?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 SUIT\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 That\rquote s what I heard.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 FRANCIS\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 What else have you heard?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 SUIT\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Not much.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 FRANCIS\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 How much is not much?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 SUIT\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Nothing, really. Just that somebody got arrested.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 FRANCIS\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Maybe you should get me some details, hm?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 SUIT\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I\rquote ll see what I can do.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 FRANCIS\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 You do that. Have your secretary give me a call.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 SUIT\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Sure. Well, I\rquote d love to stop and shoot the breeze with you, but I\rquote ve got a lot to be getting on with today.\par
\pard\par
The SUIT stands up. FRANCIS stands up too, and they shake hands.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 FRANCIS\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 We\rquote ll have to get in a game some time soon. (Mimes a golf swing.) I want to see just how much better you are.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 SUIT\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Yeah. Get my secretary to arrange it when she calls. Goodbye, Francis.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 FRANCIS\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I\rquote ll see you out.\par
\pard\par
The SUIT leaves the office, FRANCIS behind him.\par
\par
\par
EXT. INDUSTRIAL ZONE\par
\par
Surrounded by warehouses and industrial buildings, PETER\rquote s car crawls along a dusty access road. A black limousine passes it, going the other way. BOB is in the passenger seat of PETER\rquote s car, and both he and PETER are looking carefully at each warehouse they pass. Finally BOB sees it and points.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 There. Warehouse seven.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 PETER\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Yeah, I see it. Shall I park outside?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 No, stop here.\par
\pard\par
PETER stops the car and pulls the handbrake on.\par
\par
\pard\li3220\lang1033 PETER\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Looks like a big place. Look at all those cars. It must be full of bad guys. Maybe you should call for back-up?\par
\pard\par
BOB glares at him and gets out of the car. PETER gets out too, closing his door and leaning against it, watching the warehouse. BOB heads for the trunk, opens it, and begins going through the contents, taking off his jacket and putting on a bandolier, attaching clips of ammunition to it, spare handguns and submachine guns, loading up a shotgun and so on.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 PETER\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I don\rquote t get it. All this for a few lousy games.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 There\rquote s a lot of money in it, apparently.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 PETER\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I meant you, the police. All the effort you guys put into stopping people copying some games. And all the money, too. I\rquote m a taxpayer, y\rquote know?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 They\rquote re breaking the law.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 PETER\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 It\rquote s not like they\rquote re hurting anybody. It\rquote s not like they\rquote re even stealing, really.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Not like you and your friends, you mean?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 PETER\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Hey, I was just the driver, okay? ... Anyway, like I said, it\rquote s not like they\rquote re hurting anybody.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 They\rquote re profiting from work done by somebody else, work they have no right to profit from, either legal or moral.\par
\pard\par
PETER turns and looks at BOB, who is still loading up.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 PETER\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 So you\rquote re gonna go in there with enough firepower to take on Iraq single-handed and blow \lquote em all to hell? You know what I think? I think you\rquote re just pissed \lquote cos they tried to wax your buddy.\par
\pard\par
BOB closes the trunk. He an MP5 slung across his body, half a dozen pistols on his bandolier, and is carrying a pump action shotgun. He walks around the car and faces PETER.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 When I go in there, do you think I\rquote m going to be greeted with tea and scones or the attempted murder of a police officer? These guys are violent career criminals, most with plenty of outstanding warrants. Software piracy\rquote s just icing.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 PETER\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 You don\rquote t know that.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 How about the guys who tried to kill my partner? Did they look like misguided geeks to you?\par
\pard\lang2057\par
PETER has no answer. BOB turns and starts to walk across the empty parking lot towards the warehouse.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 PETER\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Hey! You\rquote re not gonna leave me a gun? How am I supposed to defend myself?\par
\pard\par
BOB turns, still walking towards the warehouse, and glares back at him.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Just be glad I need my cuffs!\par
\pard\par
\par
INT. WAREHOUSE SEVEN\par
\par
The door opens. BOB strides in, shotgun held in one hand like a pistol. Everybody sees him, and immediately start reaching for their own weapons.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Police! Lose \lquote em or use \lquote em!\par
\pard\par
The goon closest to the door begins to take aim at BOB. BOB brings his shotgun to bear and unloads a couple of rounds into him, and the two goons standing near him. BOB starts running towards the men he\rquote s just shot as others start to fire at him.\par
\par
As BOB approaches the table the three dead men were sitting at, he dives forward, sliding over the table, firing three more shells into the crowd. He rolls as he hits the ground, tossing the shotgun and drawing a couple of Berettas from his bandolier. \par
\par
Men on the catwalk above lean over, trying to see their target, but BOB is up and running again, shooting one man in the chest, then using him as an impromptu stepladder to get up onto the stairs leading up onto the catwalk.\par
\par
BOB stays low as he scuttles up the stairs, bullets zinging off the rails around him. He throws himself flat as he reaches the top of the stairs and empties his pistols into the men standing there. BOB tosses the pistols and pulls the MP5 over his head. He gets up to a crouch and scuttles along the catwalk, staying low as he sprays the bad guys on the ground with more bullets.\par
\par
Reaching the end of the catwalk BOB jumps down, firing off the last few rounds in his MP5. A bad guy jumps up from behind a crate with an Uzi, thinking he\rquote s got the drop on the penguin. BOB pulls a pistol with his left hand and drops the overconfident bad guy with a single shot to the head, tosses the MP5 and fills his right hand with another pistol.\par
\par
The firefight gets even more confusing for the bad guys as BOB starts using the crates for cover, popping out every few seconds to drop another goon or two as he works his way through the building.\par
\par
Finally only FRANCIS is left. He\rquote s waving his Colt about, terrified, backing away towards the far end of the warehouse and the fire escape, wanting to move fast but too scared to make a mad dash for the way out. BOB is nowhere to be seen.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Hey! You\rquote re not chickening out, are you?\par
\pard\par
FRANCIS tries to look in the direction of BOB\rquote s voice, but he\rquote s not sure which direction that is. He waves his pistol about some more, but can\rquote t decide exactly where to point it.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Come on, you can\rquote t quit now! It\rquote s just getting fun!\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 FRANCIS\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Come out here, then we\rquote ll see how much fun you have!\par
\pard\par
BOB steps out from behind a crate, a few metres in front of FRANCIS. He starts walking slowly towards the shellshocked man, matching FRANCIS\rquote s backward pace, maintaining the distance between them. BOB\rquote s no longer using two pistols; just his Desert Eagle is in his hand. FRANCIS\rquote s gun hand snaps to point at BOB at once, although it\rquote s still shaking. BOB doesn\rquote t even bother to point his gun at FRANCIS.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I guess you must be feeling pretty lucky right now. After all, you\rquote re the only guy left alive here. ... It\rquote s just you and me.\par
\pard\par
FRANCIS starts to laugh uneasily.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 FRANCIS\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 You must be feeling pretty lucky, getting through all my guys without a scratch.\par
\pard\par
BOB smiles and shakes his head.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I\rquote m very good at my job.\par
\pard\par
FRANCIS stops backpedalling and takes hold of his gun with both hands, steadying his aim. He pulls back the hammer on his pistol. BOB doesn\rquote t stop smiling and doesn\rquote t stop walking.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 FRANCIS\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 You\rquote re not that good.\par
\pard\par
BOB stops walking.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I\rquote m good enough.\par
\pard\par
FRANCIS stares at BOB for a moment, then starts backing away again, still aiming at BOB. FRANCIS is more scared now he can see BOB than he was when he couldn\rquote t see him. BOB doesn\rquote t move, doesn\rquote t aim, nothing. FRANCIS hits a table and glances around to see what he\rquote s hit. In that instant he realises what he\rquote s done, and looks back towards BOB. But it\rquote s too late. BOB\rquote s right on top of him, grabs his gun and hurls it away. FRANCIS has the barrel of the Desert Eagle under his chin, forcing his face ceilingward. FRANCIS struggles to look down his nose at BOB.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 You\rquote re nicked.\par
\pard\par
\par
INT. THE ARCHIVE\par
\par
JON and CASSANDRA are alone in another part of the Archive building - the canteen. A few tables and chairs are scattered about - nobody here is big on tidying up. A kitchen counter fills one wall, with microwaves, a fridge and a couple of kettles amidst the cups and plates. JON and CASSANDRA are sitting at a table together, drinking coffee.\par
\par
\pard\li3220\lang1033 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 You\rquote re very different from the usual sort of people I meet, you know.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 In a good way, I hope?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Oh yes. There are two kinds of guy in this business - the crooks and the geeks. The crooks are in it for the money, they don\rquote t care about anything else. The geeks are in it for the love of games, which is great, but... well... They\rquote re geeks. They can\rquote t help it.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 What\rquote s wrong with geeks?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Well, nothing, if you\rquote re into pedantry and endless discussion of Star Trek or Babylon 5. But science fiction and games are as far as their passion extends. They don\rquote t have the same... attraction... as other guys.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 The crooks, you mean?\par
\pard\par
CASSANDRA laughs.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Oh god, no. Sure, some of them are a lot of fun. There\rquote s a lot to be said about the dangerous guys. But their passions are just as limited as the geeks\rquote , just in a different way. But you... You\rquote re different. You\rquote re unpredictable.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 You\rquote re the first person who\rquote s said that.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Oh, I doubt it. I don\rquote t know what your passions are. If you could have anything, do anything, what would you choose?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Peace on earth, goodwill to all?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Seriously. For yourself.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 You don\rquote t believe me?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Maybe that\rquote s why I can\rquote t quite fathom you. You\rquote re a wannabe hero. When I saw you running around with that gun, I thought maybe you were just another crook, but you\rquote re not. You kept me safe.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I just try to do the right thing.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I know. I think I like that in a man.\par
\pard\par
CASSANDRA reaches forward and takes one of JON\rquote s hands in hers.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I really wish you\rquote d change your mind about that game. Do you know how long we\rquote ve been looking for it? There are people who\rquote ve spent half their lives looking for a working copy of The Great Giana Sisters and never found even a trace.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 There are people who\rquote d do anything for it?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Yes, there are.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 What about you? Are you one of them?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I wish I was that committed, but no.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Tch.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 If you won\rquote t let us archive it, that\rquote s your decision. There must be another copy out there somewhere. We\rquote ll find it, eventually.\par
\pard\par
CASSANDRA leans forward and kisses JON. JON raises an eyebrow.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Um...\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 No.\par
\pard\par
JON thinks for a moment, then takes the tape from his pocket and offers it to CASSANDRA.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Here.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I said no.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 No, I mean it. Copy it. Put it in The Archive.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 But after all you said...\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 What can I say? I\rquote m fickle.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 What about your friend?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I hope he\rquote s fickle too, or he really is going to kill me. Before he does, there\rquote s something I have to tell you.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Oh?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Just promise me you won\rquote t panic.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 What is it?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Promise.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I promise.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Okay. Okay. You know I said I\rquote m a journalist?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Yeah...\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I fibbed. Very slightly.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 So you\rquote re not a journalist?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 No.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 So what are you?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I\rquote m a cop.\par
\pard\par
There is a long pause.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I see. ... Why are you telling me this?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I was sent undercover to track down the Archive. Then I call for backup, we confiscate the Archive and arrest everybody. But I can\rquote t do it. I want to do the right thing. That\rquote s why I joined the police. And up to now I\rquote ve just done my job, followed orders, and everything\rquote s turned out right. This time... It doesn\rquote t feel right. You\rquote re just trying to do the right thing, and not for yourself. You\rquote re trying to do the right thing for society. You\rquote re not hurting anyone, you\rquote re just collecting games. I can\rquote t arrest you for that.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 So what are you going to do? Aren\rquote t you going to get into trouble?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Probably. I have to talk to somebody.\par
\pard\par
JON takes his mobile phone from his pocket and starts dialing.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Another cop?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 My friend.\par
\pard\par
\par
EXT. THE ARCHIVE\par
\par
\par
\par
INT. THE ARCHIVE\par
\par
The door opens, and BOB enters the darkened lobby room. He quickly steps out of the doorway into the shadows, closing the door behind him. Despite the darkness, BOB senses that he is not alone.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Hello?\par
\pard\par
JON steps forward.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Evening.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 There you are. What\rquote s the deal? What happened?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Come with me.\par
\pard\par
JON opens the inner door into the main hall. BOB is confronted, as JON was earlier, with a vast array of shelves, stacked high with computers and related equipment, both modern and ancient. BOB is as awestruck as JON before him.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Wow.\par
\pard\par
JON starts walking, deeper into the warehouse. BOB takes a moment to look at his surroundings, then catches up with JON.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 So what happened to the girl?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Cassandra? She\rquote s safe. She\rquote s in another part of the building.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Oh?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I thought it\rquote d be best if we talked alone.\par
\pard\par
The two detectives reach a large desk, with an equally large chair. On the desk is a vast computer, dozens of cables plugged into the back. Three vast monitors display lengthy lists of information in a tiny, tiny font. JON and BOB stop walking.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Here it is. I bid you welcome to... THE ARCHIVE.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Great.\par
\pard\par
BOB reaches into his jacket pocket and takes out his mobile phone.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I\rquote ll call it in.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 You can\rquote t!\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I can, the reception\rquote s great here. I expect all this electrical gear\rquote s boosting the signal, if anything.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 No, don\rquote t you get it? If we call it in, the Archive\rquote ll be destroyed.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 And now you see the beauty of the undercover operation - you find the stolen goods, we call it in. Do you see?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I know, but... It\rquote d be wrong.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 It\rquote s that girlie, isn\rquote t it?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I resent the sexist implications of that question. If I was a woman you wouldn\rquote t ask that.\par
\pard\par
BOB sighs and shakes his head.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I knew I should have done the undercover bit.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Because nobody would suspect a penguin?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 You\rquote ve always been too sympathetic to the bad guys.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Now that just isn\rquote t true. I\rquote ve shot plenty of suspects in my time.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Mostly flesh wounds, I\rquote ve noticed. Don\rquote t you get it, Jon? You\rquote re being manipulated. Duped. Screwed over. Played for a fool. Sucked into the conniving machinery of duplicitous minds and spat out the other end like a cheap Taiwanese shirt. They can twist the facts all they like, but the truth is they\rquote re still stealing software, they\rquote re still distributing stolen goods. Copyright theft is theft.\par
\pard\par
JON looks from BOB to the computer array.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 We\rquote re supposed to serve the public trust.\par
\pard\par
BOB pushes a couple of buttons on his phone and holds it to his ear.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 We\rquote re supposed to uphold the law.\par
\pard\par
The phone starts to ring. BOB turns away from JON, surveying the impressive dispay of computer equipment surrounding them. JON hangs his head for a moment, then looks at BOB, then back at the Archive.\par
\par
JON draws the Beretta from the back of his jeans and points it at BOB. He pulls back the hammer. At the CLICK, BOB turns and stares, taking in the sight before him. It takes a few seconds for his brain to get a handle on the situation. BOB doesn\rquote t blink, just stares at JON. When he finally speaks, there\rquote s no fear in his voice - just a hint of anger.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 You do *not* want to do that.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Hang up.\par
\pard\par
BOB pushes another button on his phone and cautiously puts it back in his pocket.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I\rquote m sorry, Bob, but this is important. This isn\rquote t about Cassandra, or the law. This is about serving the public good. If we turn the Archive over, it\rquote ll be destroyed, you know that. We have to protect our culture. This isn\rquote t a source of evil. It\rquote s not about theft. It\rquote s about preserving something of ourselves for the future.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 It\rquote s breaking the law.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Then the law is wrong.\par
\pard\par
There is a long pause. The two detectives stare at each other.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Are you going to use that thing?\par
\pard\par
JON thinks it over for a few seconds.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 No.\par
\pard\par
JON lowers his pistol, but doesn\rquote t put it away.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Don\rquote t call this in, Bob. Check it out first. Find out why our department was put onto these cases. All non-violent crimes, and we\rquote ve got the highest kill rate of any department in the force. Ask questions, Bob.\par
\pard\par
BOB turns and walks away. Just before he leaves the room, he stops, half-turns as if he\rquote s going to say something. But he doesn\rquote t have anything to say. BOB keeps walking, out of the warehouse.\par
\par
\par
O\rquote HARA\rquote S OFFICE, POLICE HQ\par
\par
BOB enters.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 O\rquote HARA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 What\rquote s up, Riggs? How\rquote s the operation going?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 We\rquote ve got a problem, sir.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 O\rquote HARA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Ah, hell. I knew things were going too well from the second you guys actually arrested someone. Where\rquote s Murtaugh?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 That\rquote s the problem. He\rquote s gone native.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 O\rquote HARA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Immigration papers finally come through?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I went down to the warehouses at the old dock to meet him. He showed me this big computer the software pirates call the Archive.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 O\rquote HARA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Well done on pronouncing that capital letter. So what\rquote s the problem? I\rquote ll send in a clean-up crew to collect the computer and the bodies.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Actually, there aren\rquote t any bodies.\par
\pard\par
O\rquote HARA looks puzzled.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 O\rquote HARA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 What did you do with the suspects? Explosives? Acid?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 We didn\rquote t kill anyone.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 O\rquote HARA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Not more arrests?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 We, uh... let them go.\par
\pard\par
O\rquote HARA looks stunned.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I had no choice. Like I said, Jon\rquote s gone native. He pulled a gun on me before I could call in our position, said that the whole operation was wrong somehow. Said I should ask some questions.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 O\rquote HARA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 What kind of questions?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Oh, I don\rquote t know, stuff like why the department with the highest kill-to-arrest ratio in the force was assigned a whole bunch of non-violent crimes. More than that, the two officers with the highest kill-to-arrest ratio in the force get assigned a whole bunch of non-violent crimes.\par
\pard\par
O\rquote HARA sighs and bows his head.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 You know, thinking about it, he\rquote s got a point. Normally we get assigned crazy things like gang wars, or like that guy with the rocket-propelled chicken last week. We\rquote ve never worked on anything like copyright theft before. I mean, the three-day course on \lquote Why Copying Is Bad\rquote  was great and all, but I\rquote m still not sure I get it.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 O\rquote HARA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I don\rquote t know the answer to that one, Riggs. I\rquote m just an old cop. I just follow orders.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I\rquote m not sure I understand you. It sounds like you\rquote re confessing involvement in some evil conspiracy.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 O\rquote HARA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Like I said, I just follow orders, and they come from the mayor. I don\rquote t know about any conspiracy, and I don\rquote t know why Miscellaneous Crimes got the job. And, dammit, it doesn\rquote t matter, either! The law is the law. We\rquote re here to enforce it, all of it. We can\rquote t pick and choose what\rquote s illegal and what\rquote s not.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 That\rquote s what I said. But Jon seemed pretty sure. \lquote Protecting our culture for the future\rquote  he reckoned.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 O\rquote HARA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Well he\rquote s wrong! Now go write up your report. We\rquote ve got to get these Archivists dealt with fast.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 And Jon?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 O\rquote HARA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Up to now he\rquote s been a good officer. If you can keep him out of the way, I\rquote ll do what I can to protect him this time. Now get on that report! And use the English spell-checker this time!\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Thank you, sir.\par
\pard\par
\par
EXT. CITY STREETS\par
\par
INT. PETER\rquote S CAR\par
\par
\pard\li3220 PETER\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 So why are we going to city hall?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Because that\rquote s where the mayor works.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 PETER\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Okay... So you\rquote re going to see the mayor?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Uh-huh.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 PETER\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Okay. ... Why?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 It\rquote s about time I had a word with him.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 PETER\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Look, I\rquote m not stupid, you know. Something\rquote s going on, isn\rquote t it? It\rquote s something to do with your partner. What did he find?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Nothing\rquote s going on.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 PETER\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Oh, you visit the mayor on a regular basis, huh? Come on, man, talk to me.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Just drive, okay?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 PETER\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 This is turning out to be a real bad day.\par
\pard\par
\par
INT. MAYOR\rquote S OFFICE\par
\par
The SUIT that met with FRANCIS earlier is here, sitting opposite Mayor STARKEY. The mayor\rquote s assistant, LEWIS, tries to prevent BOB entering, and fails.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 STARKEY\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 What the..?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 LEWIS\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I\rquote m sorry, sir, I tried to stop him, but...\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I\rquote m Detective Sergeant Riggs, Miscellaneous Crimes Department. I\rquote d like a word.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 STARKEY\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Oh, really? What seems to be the problem, detective?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 For the last three months we\rquote ve been working on your anti-software piracy initiative.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 STARKEY\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Ah, of course. This is Mr Armitage, from the Independent Software Publishers Association. Mr Armitage and I were just discussing how well your department has been doing lately. We\rquote re both very pleased.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220\lang2057 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Why did you send us after software pirates?\par
\pard\par
The mayor looks hard at BOB, assessing the situation before speaking.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 STARKEY\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Lewis, would you wait outside?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 LEWIS\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Yes, sir.\par
\pard\par
LEWIS leaves the office, closing the doors behind him. The mayor waits until his assistant is gone before continuing.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 STARKEY\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Software piracy is perhaps the most serious problem of the new millennium, detective. For years it\rquote s been on the increase, but now it\rquote s the fastest growing crime in the world. In five years it\rquote ll be bigger than cocaine, unless we stamp down on it. Hard.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 And Miscellaneous Crimes is your big, steel-toed stamping boot, hm?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 ARMITAGE\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Do you have a problem with catching criminals, detective?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 What?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 ARMITAGE\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I asked if you have a problem catching criminals. Software piracy is a crime, you know.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 You haven\rquote t answered my question - why my department? Robbery? Fraud? They could have dealt with it. Why us?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 STARKEY\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 There isn\rquote t a Software Piracy Department, as you well know. Miscellaneous Crimes seemed the most logical.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 ARMITAGE\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 There\rquote s also the matter of your department being the most successful when it comes to settling cases... (Smirks) thoroughly.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 You mean we kill more crooks than we arrest.\par
\pard\par
ARMITAGE\rquote s smirk grows a little wider.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I still don\rquote t get it. New software is one thing, but why the old stuff? Why the arcade games? Why the Spectrum games? Why the NES games from 1986 that nobody is ever going to pay for ever again?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 ARMITAGE\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Well, the official line is that we could still sell all our software in the developing world. Russia, Africa... Some of them still haven\rquote t seen Donkey Kong yet.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Bull.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 ARMITAGE\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 You\rquote re right. The real answer is that we don\rquote t like you. You people make such a fuss about games, and gameplay, and having fun, you don\rquote t get what it\rquote s really all about. See, if you\rquote re playing Head Over Heels and The Great Escape and Super Mario Bros 2, you\rquote re not playing Tomb Raider 7 or Gran Turismo 5. Which means you\rquote re not buying our games. How am I supposed to keep my villa in the south of France running if you\rquote re not buying my games?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 How many games have you written?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 ARMITAGE\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Our organisation is made up of hundreds of software publishers, with a catalogue of thousands of games across all formats.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 How many games have you personally been involved in writing?\par
\pard\par
ARMITAGE grins like the cat who\rquote s got not only the cream, but the whole dairy farm.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 ARMITAGE\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Not a one.\par
\pard\par
BOB\rquote s usual scowl grows even darker. He reaches into his jacket, and for a moment ARMITAGE\rquote s grin falters. When BOB\rquote s hand emerges, he\rquote s holding a black wallet. He flips it open - his badge and id card are inside. He sneers at it, and tosses it on the desk. STARKEY and ARMITAGE look down at it, then back at BOB.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 You can get somebody else to stamp on your serious problem.\par
\pard\par
BOB turns and leaves.\par
\par
\lang1033\par
EXT. CITY HALL - SUNSET\par
\par
BOB approaches PETER\rquote S car.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 PETER\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 So, where to now?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Where ever you want.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 PETER\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Huh?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 You\rquote re free to go.\par
\pard\par
BOB extends a hand. PETER cautiously reaches out and shakes it.\par
\par
\pard\li3220  BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Try to stay out of trouble.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 PETER\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I don\rquote t understand. You\rquote re letting me go?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Yep.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 PETER\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Just like that?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I\rquote m not a cop any more.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 PETER\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 What?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I just quit.\par
\pard\par
There is an uncomfortable silence. Neither BOB nor PETER know what to say.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Well, I\rquote ll see you around.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 PETER\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Yeah, sure. It\rquote s been, uh... interesting.\par
\pard\par
BOB turns and walks away. PETER watches him for a few seconds, then shakes his head, starts the car and drives away.\par
\par
\par
MUSIC STARTS - JEFF BRAINE, TAPESTRY OF LIES\par
\par
EXT. CITY STREETS - DUSK\par
\par
BOB walks through the street, head bowed, hands stuffed in the pockets of his jacket. He\rquote s not going anywhere in particular, just walking. Other pedestrians ignore him; the city keeps on going without him.\par
\par
\par
INT. THE ARCHIVE\par
\par
CASSANDRA leads JON by the hand into a tiny, candlelit bedroom. They embrace, and kiss. JON closes the door.\par
\par
\par
INT. MISCELLANEOUS CRIME DEPARTMENT\par
\par
ARMITAGE enters, followed by a line of men in suits carrying cardboard boxes. They start moving through the department, bundling files and loose documents into the boxes, and accessing unoccupied computers. The police officers present are naturally not helpful, and several start forcefully moving the men away. O\rquote HARA comes out of his office to see what all the noise is. He angrily approaches ARMITAGE.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 O\rquote HARA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 What the hell\rquote s going on here?\par
\pard\par
ARMITAGE reaches into his jacket, takes out a piece of paper and offers it to the captain.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 ARMITAGE\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 This document is from city hall. It authorises me, on behalf of the Independent Software Publishers Association, to take control of this department.\par
\pard\par
O\rquote HARA snatches the document and starts scanning through it.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 O\rquote HARA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 This is b.s.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 ARMITAGE\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 The mayor doesn\rquote t think so. Your department\rquote s done well, but not well enough. I want you and all of your officers out of here right now. Leave any documents where they are; any evidence belongs to us now.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 O\rquote HARA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 You\rquote ll never get away with this.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 ARMITAGE\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I already have.\par
\pard\par
Two men in suits approach, one standing either side of O\rquote HARA. O\rquote HARA scowls, but starts to leave, pausing only to address his men.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 O\rquote HARA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Come on, fellas, lets get out of here. Leave these clowns to play cops and robbers.\par
\pard\par
O\rquote HARA and his department grudgingly leave. ARMITAGE heads for O\rquote HARA\rquote s office, then stops and grabs a nearby suit.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 ARMITAGE\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 There\rquote s a Francis Hubble being held here. Release him and send him to my new office.\par
\pard\par
The suit nods and runs off. ARMITAGE enters O\rquote HARA\rquote s office and closes the door behind him, leaving his own people to calmly ransack Miscellaneous Crimes.\par
\par
\par
EXT. CITY STREETS - NIGHT\par
\par
Night has fallen. It\rquote s starting to rain. BOB is still walking, alone, ignored by passing pedestrians and cars. He hears a siren, and looks up as a police car approaches. Closer, closer... and then it passes, carrying on into the night. For a moment BOB turns to watch it drive away. Then his gaze returns to the floor, and he keeps on walking.\par
\par
\par
MUSIC FINISHES\par
\par
\par
INT. THE ARCHIVE\par
\par
The outer door opens, and a large figure enters, closing the door behind him. The darkness is shattered suddenly as O\rquote HARA switches on the flashlight he brought with him. He casts about in the shadows until he finds the door to the inner sanctum. He pushes it open and enters the main warehouse. Half a dozen geeks are playing around with computer equipment amongst the aisles - one of them is JON. He turns at the sound of the door opening to see his commanding officer. He runs to meet him.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Captain! What are you doing here?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 O\rquote HARA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Riggs told me you were here. So this is the Archive, huh?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 This is it.\par
\pard\par
JON beams proudly. O\rquote HARA looks around disdainfully.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 O\rquote HARA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I hate computers.\par
\pard\par
JON is suddenly embarrassed at his geek-like pride. There is an uncomfortable silence.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 O\rquote HARA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Riggs said you had a problem with this operation. Seemed like he had a problem too.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 These people aren\rquote t the usual sort we deal with.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 O\rquote HARA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 No. No, they\rquote re not. The usual sort have taken over MCD.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 What?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 O\rquote HARA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Orders from the mayor. Some suits from the Independent Software Publishers Association have moved into our office, kicked out all us cops. (Sighs) I just don\rquote t understand the world any more, Murtaugh. It used to be so simple. We were the good guys, we fought the bad guys, we usually won. I don\rquote t know. Maybe I\rquote m getting too old for this.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Where\rquote s Bob now?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 O\rquote HARA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I don\rquote t know. He was asking a lot of questions when I saw him. Weird questions. Right and wrong. He was starting to sound like you.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Am I fired?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 O\rquote HARA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Right now I don\rquote t know if I\rquote m fired, detective.\par
\pard\par
\par
INT. MISCELLANEOUS CRIMES DEPARTMENT\par
\par
The open-plan office is bustling as usual, but not with police officers. Not today. Today men in suits search desks and shuffle through papers, ransacking the department in a calm and orderly fashion. The lift doors open, and PETER steps onto the department floor.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 PETER\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Hey. Who\rquote s in charge here?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 SUIT\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 What? Who are you?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 PETER\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I\rquote ve been working with a Detective Bob Riggs. I need to talk to his boss, urgently.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 SUIT\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Really? Uh... Come with me.\par
\pard\par
The suit takes PETER to O\rquote HARA\rquote s commandeered office.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 SUIT\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Uh... captain?\par
\pard\par
ARMITAGE looks up at the suit and the nervous-looking man with him. He catches on quickly and, smirking, decides to play along.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 ARMITAGE\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Yes? What is it, detective?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 SUIT\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 This gentlemen\rquote s been working with Bob Riggs, and needs to discuss something with you about him.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 ARMITAGE\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Well, come in, take a seat.\par
\pard\par
PETER smiles nervously and sits down before O\rquote HARA\rquote s desk. The suit leaves the office, closing the door behind him.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 ARMITAGE\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 So, what seems to be the problem?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 PETER\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I\rquote ve been working with one of your detectives.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 ARMITAGE\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Mr Riggs, yes, go on.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 PETER\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Well, where to start? Yesterday was a busy day. First we took out a bunch of guys who were trying to take out Riggs\rquote s partner. Then we busted some kind of software pirate. And then we met up with Riggs\rquote s partner again at a big old warehouse, where he was working with more software pirates. Finally we went to see the mayor, of all people, and... well, I don\rquote t know if you know yet, but Bob quit. I don\rquote t understand why, he didn\rquote t say, but he\rquote s a good guy, and, well, I\rquote m hoping you can help him.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 ARMITAGE\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Interesting. That explains why Detective Riggs didn\rquote t turn up for work today. I think that the first place he\rquote d go would be to meet his partner. You said he was working with some other software pirates?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 PETER\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Yeah, at a warehouse. I think Bob said it was an archive, or something like that.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 ARMITAGE\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Very interesting. I suppose I should pay them a visit.\par
\pard\par
The office door opens again, and FRANCIS enters.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 ARMITAGE\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Ah, Francis. I believe you two have already met?\par
\pard\par
PETER turns to look at the third man.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 PETER\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Hey, weren\rquote t you under arrest?\par
\pard\par
FRANCIS looks to ARMITAGE, curious.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 ARMITAGE\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 This gentleman was just about to tell me where the Archive is.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 PETER\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Uh...\par
\pard\par
PETER suddenly looks very uncomfortable. FRANCIS places his hands firmly on PETER\rquote s shoulders.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 FRANCIS\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 That\rquote s very public-spirited of you. Why don\rquote t you let me know where it is too? And then we can round up the boys...\par
\pard\par
\par
INT. THE ARCHIVE - BACK ROOM\par
\par
In a back room O\rquote HARA, JON, CASSANDRA and PAUL are sitting around in comfortable chairs drinking coffee.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 O\rquote HARA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 It\rquote s quite a set-up you\rquote ve got here.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 PAUL\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 We\rquote ve been working on it for quite a long time. We\rquote ve spent years building up a library of software, spread across multiple redundant media. Thousands of man-years have gone into maintaining the Archive.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 O\rquote HARA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 For all the work you\rquote ve put into this place, your security is pretty lax. I just walked in, and the only guy who looked up when I did was an undercover cop.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 That\rquote s something that\rquote s become a new priority now. With the police crack-downs, it\rquote s something we\rquote ve got to get better at.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 PAUL\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 If you don\rquote t mind me saying so, it seems pretty weird for a senior police officer to be advising a bunch of software pirates on their security.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 O\rquote HARA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Yeah, well, I\rquote m about as big a fan of those ISPA creeps as you guys. They just suspended my department.\par
\pard\par
JON has been sitting in silence, brooding over his coffee. Finally he speaks.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Bob hasn\rquote t checked in with you at all?\par
\pard\par
O\rquote HARA shakes his head.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 O\rquote HARA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I\rquote m sorry, Murtaugh. To be honest, I\rquote d expect him to call you before he calls me.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Yeah.\par
\pard\par
JON returns to his brooding silence. CASSANDRA puts a hand on his shoulder, trying to comfort him.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 He\rquote ll turn up. Don\rquote t worry.\par
\pard\par
O\rquote HARA half-smiles.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 O\rquote HARA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 You know as well as I do Riggs can take care of himself.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Like he did against Jake Whimsey\rquote s goons last year?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 O\rquote HARA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 That was a one-off.\par
\pard\par
O\rquote HARA doesn\rquote t sound entirely convinced himself.\par
\par
Suddenly there is a loud bang from elsewhere in the building, and lots of shouting.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 PAUL\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 What the heck is that?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Somebody\rquote s in the Archive.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 O\rquote HARA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 We\rquote d better take a look.\par
\pard\par
The four of them stand up and leave the room, entering the main Archive chamber.\par
\par
\par
INT. THE ARCHIVE\par
\par
O\rquote HARA leads JON, CASSANDRA and PAUL through the computer stacks towards the front door. A few terrified geeks run past them, not stopping to explain.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 What\rquote s going on?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 O\rquote HARA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Look.\par
\pard\par
Two dozen men in brown uniforms are storming through the Archive, smashing up some of the equipment, assaulting any of the Archivists who put up any kind of resistance. O\rquote HARA turns to CASSANDRA and PAUL.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 O\rquote HARA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Wait here. We\rquote ll take care of this.\par
\pard\par
O\rquote HARA and JON stride purposefully towards the mob. The captain calls out to the intruders, holding up his badge as he approaches them.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 O\rquote HARA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I\rquote m Captain O\rquote Hara, LAPD. What the hell\rquote s going on here?\par
\pard\par
The mob stops, taken aback by the presence of a police officer. FRANCIS pushes through his men to find out what\rquote s going on.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 FRANCIS\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 We\rquote re with the Independent Software Publishers Association. We\rquote ve got a mandate from the mayor; this building and everything in it is under our jurisdiction.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 O\rquote HARA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 More b.s. Get out of here right now or I\rquote ll bust your ass.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 FRANCIS\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 You\rquote re impeding a legal seizure, captain. I suggest you take your ego and leave before somebody gets hurt.\par
\pard\par
O\rquote HARA cracks his knuckles. JON looks sideways at him, a little surprised, then resigns himself to the inevitable. FRANCIS looks at his gang, annoyed.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 FRANCIS\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Will one of you goons put these two down?\par
\pard\par
The brown-shirts rush forward. O\rquote HARA straight-arms the first goon, laying him out cold. JON kicks the first to reach him between the legs, leaving him sobbing him on the warehouse floor. From there on in it\rquote s an old-school brawl, with brown-shirts taking it in turns to get roughed up by the cops.\par
\par
Finally, the brown-shirts left conscious back off, battered and bleeding. The cops have won. FRANCIS puts a hand to his forehead in mock dismay.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 FRANCIS\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Well, I guess we\rquote ll just have to give up and go home.\par
\pard\par
FRANCIS looks at the cops in disgust.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 FRANCIS\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Shoot \lquote em.\par
\pard\par
The brown-shirts start reaching for holstered pistols. O\rquote HARA and JON pull their own firearms and open up.\par
\par
\par
INT. MISCELLANEOUS CRIMES DEPARTMENT\par
\par
BOB enters. The office is not bustling with busy-looking police officers. BOB strolls across the office towards his desk, glancing at the unfamiliar suited men sitting at his colleagues\rquote  desks. When he finally reaches his desk, there\rquote s another suit sitting at his desk. PETER is gagged and tied to JON\rquote s chair at the adjacent desk. The suit looks up at BOB.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 SUIT\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 What are you doing in here? This department is off-limits to police officers.\par
\pard\par
BOB looks at PETER. PETER looks back, surprised but still frightened. BOB looks at the suit.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 You\rquote re in my chair.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 SUIT\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Get the f...\par
\pard\par
BOB punches the suit in the face. The suit yelps and clutches his freshly-broken nose. The other suited men all stand up to see what\rquote s happening.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 You\rquote re still in my chair.\par
\pard\par
The suit gets up and walks away, whimpering and still clutching his nose. BOB walks around the desks to PETER and removes his gag.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 PETER\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Boy, am I glad to see you!\par
\pard\par
BOB starts untying the bound man. The other suits look on, not quite sure what to do.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 What happened?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 PETER\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I don\rquote t know. I got here to talk to your boss, try to get him to do something about you quitting your job. He said you\rquote d probably gone to the Archive, but he didn\rquote t know where it was, so I told him. Then the guy you arrested this morning turned up, and they tied me up and left.\par
\pard\par
BOB frowns at PETER for a moment, confused.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Was the guy you talked to wearing a suit?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 PETER\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Yeah, like the rest of these goons. His looked more expensive, though.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 That wasn\rquote t my boss, then.\par
\pard\par
PETER stands up, stretching his arms and legs.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 PETER\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 So what\rquote s going on?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 The bad guys are going to get what they want. Unless we stop them.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 PETER\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 We? You\rquote re kidding, right?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 You ever driven a van?\par
\pard\par
\par
INT. THE ARCHIVE\par
\par
O\rquote HARA and JON are engaged in a firefight with the ISPA brown-shirts, using the stacks of computer equipment as cover. The Archivists are fleeing towards the back of the building, away from the invaders. At the front door FRANCIS waves in more brown-shirts with more guns. Bodies litter the floor.\par
\par
A brown-shirt gets a lucky shot and clips O\rquote HARA in the shoulder. O\rquote HARA pulls himself back into cover. JON looks across the aisle from his own hiding place.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 You okay?\par
\pard\par
O\rquote HARA dabs gently at the wound and winces in pain.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 O\rquote HARA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I\rquote ll live. Get out the back, I\rquote ll cover you.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 What?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 O\rquote HARA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Go on. That\rquote s an order.\par
\pard\par
JON looks at O\rquote HARA, weighing up the options. At the back of the warehouse, CASSANDRA ducks out of the back door.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Watch your back, sir.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 O\rquote HARA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I\rquote ll see you later, detective.\par
\pard\par
JON breaks cover and runs for the back of the warehouse. O\rquote HARA leans around the stack he\rquote s hiding behind and lets loose with his revolver.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 O\rquote HARA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Come on, you bastards!\par
\pard\par
O\rquote HARA\rquote s gun clicks empty. He\rquote s out of bullets. O\rquote HARA pulls himself to his feet and scuttles away. The brown-shirts start to advance.\par
\par
\par
EXT. STREET OUTSIDE THE ARCHIVE\par
\par
JON is practically out of bullets. A bunch of ISPA thugs exit the Archive building and confront the cop and the archivists, who surrender.\par
\par
JON bursts out of the back door. He\rquote s the last man out - the alley behind the warehouse is full of terrified men and women.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 What are you...\par
\pard\par
JON looks toward each end of the alley. One end is filled by a brick wall and a dumpster. The other end has a ten foot high wooden wall.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Oh.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 PAUL\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 What now?\par
\pard\par
JON turns to face the back door. An ISPA brown-shirt emerges with a shotgun trained on the detective.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Now we\rquote re screwed.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 ISPA SOLDIER\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Drop it!\par
\pard\par
JON hesitates. More ISPA men pour out of the warehouse and line up before the Archivists, looking alarmingly like a firing squad. CASSANDRA grabs Jon\rquote s arm, holding his gun down.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Just put it down. It\rquote s over.\par
\pard\par
JON looks at her, but keeps hold of the gun. She looks back at him imploringly.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 You tried. Thank you.\par
\pard\par
JON resigns himself to failure and tosses the gun at the soldier\rquote s feet. The ranks of ISPA men part, and FRANCIS walks forward.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 FRANCIS\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Finally you see sense.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 PAUL\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Francis! Buddy! What the hell\rquote s going on?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 FRANCIS\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Well, you know the deal we have? Where I give you new software, and you sell me old software? Well, it\rquote s off.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 PAUL\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 What?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 FRANCIS\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I\rquote m taking your software, and I\rquote m keeping my software. And you freaks can all go to hell.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 This is crazy! You can\rquote t run the Archive!\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 FRANCIS\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 You\rquote d be surprised at what I can do, babe.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Excuse me. I\rquote m a police officer.\par
\pard\par
In the distance, we can hear the sound of an approaching siren.\par
\par
FRANCIS claps his hands to his cheeks in mock terror.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 FRANCIS\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Oh no! A cop! (Turns to the soldiers behind him) We\rquote re for it now, fellas!\par
\pard\par
Several of the soldiers start to chuckle.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 You\rquote re under arrest. Surrender now and I\rquote ll go easy on you.\par
\pard\par
FRANCIS laughs.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 FRANCIS\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 You don\rquote t seem to have grasped the situation here, officer. I\rquote m holding all the aces. I\rquote ve got the men, I\rquote ve got the guns, and I\rquote ve got the blessing of the mayor. You got squat.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 PAUL\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Look, Francis, seriously - what the hell are you doing this for? The deal we had worked great.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 FRANCIS\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Haven\rquote t you heard? Outsourcing is yesterday\rquote s fad. We\rquote re consolidating, Paulie.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 PAUL\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 So what are you going to do with us?\par
\pard\par
FRANCIS grins evilly.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 FRANCIS\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Early retirement.\par
\pard\par
FRANCIS draws his pistol and shoots PAUL. PAUL catches the slug in his face and drops to the ground. CASSANDRA screams. JON takes a step forward, but stops when FRANCIS puts his gun to the detective\rquote s head.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 FRANCIS\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Ah, ah. There\rquote s no rush. Plenty of bullets to go around.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 No!\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 FRANCIS\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 What\rquote s the matter, Cassie?\par
\pard\par
FRANCIS looks from JON to CASSANDRA and back again, and catches on.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 FRANCIS\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Oh, you two are an item, huh? I was wondering when you\rquote d finally take the plunge, Cass, find a good man and settle down. And you can\rquote t get more good than a cop, can you, huh? Shame this one\rquote s gonna be dead pretty soon, but hey - I\rquote m sure you and me could have some fun, don\rquote t you think?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 CASSANDRA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Stop it, Francis. You\rquote ve gone far enough.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 FRANCIS\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I haven\rquote t even started yet, Cass. You and me are gonna go a whole lot further.\par
\pard\par
JON glares at FRANCIS. If looks could kill, FRANCIS\rquote d be splattered across the wall. FRANCIS catches on to this and grins at JON.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 FRANCIS\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Just think, Cass - all the fun you and me are gonna have when this dumb pig\rquote s out of the way. Flowers, dinner, the movies...\par
\pard\par
FRANCIS laughs cruelly, still looking at JON. JON stares back with the kind of anger we\rquote d normally associate with BOB. His hands clench into fists, knuckles turning white. As the siren draws nearer, FRANCIS pulls the hammer back on his pistol.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 FRANCIS\line\pard\li1420\ri1420 Say goodbye, lover boy.\par
\pard\par
The siren is deafeningly loud now, but the sound of metal smashing through wood is louder. The boarding at the end of the street explodes inward, sending wooden shards flying across the assembled throng. Everyone turns to see a SWAT van sliding into the street, spinning around the locked front wheels. The van stops, and the back doors burst open.\par
\par
BOB leaps out of the back of the van, an M4 assault rifle in each hand and a shotgun on his back. He doesn\rquote t say anything. No shouted warnings, no gung-ho greetings. He just opens up on the men with guns.\par
\par
FRANCIS takes one look at the penguin-administered slaughter and at once reassesses his priorities. He takes his gun off JON and points it at BOB. JON instantly punches FRANCIS in the stomach. As he doubles up, JON grabs his jacket and pulls him back up for a headbutt. FRANCIS staggers backwards, begins to raise his pistol again, but is swiftly distracted by being punched repeatedly in the face and chest.\par
\par
The ISPA men try to defend themselves against BOB, but are swiftly cut down. BOB advances into the street, and within seconds he is stepping over bodies. The Archivists look on in horror and surprise. PETER stands in the back door of the van, trying not to look at the carnage before him. He waves at the Archivists.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 PETER\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Come on, come on! Get in the van!\par
\pard\par
The Archivists don\rquote t need to be asked twice, and bundle for their getaway vehicle. CASSANDRA goes too, the last to leave, and she\rquote s still watching JON when PETER jumps back into the driver\rquote s seat and the van squeals away.\par
\par
BOB empties one of his M4s into the final ISPA man. As soon as it clicks BOB throws it away, turning to see JON still battering FRANCIS. The punches are being thrown slower, less frequently, but are no less heartfelt. Finally FRANCIS drops to his knees, pistol dropped long ago. JON stands over him, breathing heavy, fists smeared with FRANCIS\rquote s blood, his eyes betraying a BOB-like rage.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 FRANCIS\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Please... No more. I give up. Just arrest me, dammit!\par
\pard\par
JON looks at BOB. BOB pulls the shotgun from his shoulder and throws it to JON. JON catches it and in one fluid motion cocks it and brings it to bear on the kneeling criminal.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Goodbye.\par
\pard\par
JON squeezes the trigger. Buckshot rips through FRANCIS\rquote s chest. He falls onto his back, dead. Finally there is silence.\par
\par
BOB drops the clip from his remaining M4.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Miss me?\par
\pard\par
JON looks around at the dead and the dying.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 It\rquote s like you\rquote ve never been away.\par
\pard\par
At the open end of the alley another van pulls up, this time across the exit, blocking it almost completely. JON and BOB turn to look at it. As they do so a couple of ISPA soldiers poke their heads from behind it and take a few shots. JON returns fire and the two detectives fall back to behind the dumpster at the other end of the alley.\par
\par
BOB and JON sit down, leaning back against the dumpster. BOB takes off the bandolier loaded with shotgun shells he\rquote s wearing and hands it to JON. JON takes it and starts reloading his shotgun. BOB reloads his M4 and glances around the dumpster. More ISPA men are entering the alley, lying down and setting up with automatic weapons.\par
\par
\pard\li3220\lang2057 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 This looks bad.\par
\pard\par
JON peeks around the other side of the dumpster.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 It does rather.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 This is my last M4 clip.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 It\rquote s not like you to bring so little ammunition.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I turned in my badge. I had to steal the SWAT van.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 You mean this is all that was in the van?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Yep.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Amateurs. Got any 9 milly clips?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Here.\par
\pard\par
BOB takes three clips from his belt and hands them over. JON reloads his Beretta and sticks the other two clips in his pocket.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 So what do we do now?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I don\rquote t know. We\rquote re hopelessly outgunned, for a change.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Perhaps we should give up.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 What?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 We\rquote ve done what we came here to do. The Archivists are safe. We\rquote ve taken out a lot of bad guys. Let\rquote s face facts - we can\rquote t take \lquote em all. There\rquote s no point in us getting killed too.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 You\rquote re right.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 We\rquote re giving up then.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Chucking in the towel.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Bowing down before superior firepower.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Surrendering.\par
\pard\par
The two look at their guns, then at each other. JON reaches into his jacket and takes out his mobile phone. He quickdials a number and holds the phone to his ear.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 This is Detective Sergeant Murtaugh... (He sighs and shakes his head sadly) ...requesting back-up.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 RADIO\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Acknowledged. Back-up en route, ETA two minutes.\par
\pard\par
JON hangs up and puts his phone away.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 This is a sad day, Bob.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 In our defence, all that coffee we\rquote ve been drinking lately has probably interfered with our reflexes.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 That\rquote s a good point. That\rquote s probably what it is.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 And normally we\rquote re on the offence rather than defence.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 We\rquote re not really a defensive team. Maybe that\rquote s what we\rquote ve been doing wrong?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Maybe. It\rquote s a bit late to switch tactics now, though.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 True, true. Keep it in mind for future reference, eh?\par
\pard\par
BOB nods. We can hear sirens in the distance, getting slowly nearer.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 So no coffee later then?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Flip, no. How about the traditional end-of-case pizza?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Okay, but I get to choose the toppings.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 You got to point a gun at me and live.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Fair enough. Hawaiian, then?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Hawaiian.\par
\pard\par
The sound of roaring engines, sirens, and squealing tyres fills the air. A booming voice shouts through a bullhorn.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 VOICE\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 This is the police! Throw down your weapons, you are all under arrest!\par
\pard\par
BOB and JON look at each other.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420\lang1033 Well, this is it, then.\par
\pard\par
BOB nods.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Let\rquote s go.\par
\pard\par
BOB and JON stand up and emerge from either end of the dumpster. They slowly begin to walk towards the ISPA men at the end of the street. Some still have their weapons raised, others, towards the back, are looking around in confusion. One of the ISPA men raises his rifle and takes a shot at the detectives. JON at once raises his shotgun and shoots him. Somebody behind the group of ISPA men shouts \lquote gunshot!\rquote . The air is at once filled with bullets as the police and ISPA open up at each other. JON and BOB start running, randomly firing into the crowd at the end of the street as some of the ISPA men open up on them.\par
\par
By the time they reach the end of the street, the crowd has begun to scatter, and when BOB and JON see their backup they realise why - dozens of squad cars and vans block the street, with hundreds of uniformed officers swarming everywhere, beating and shooting the ISPA employees. The detectives, out of bullets, begin to administer a more brutal form of violence to the bad guys around them, beating anybody near them in the wrong colour uniform with big metal guns.\par
\par
Eventually JON and BOB reach the outskirts of the carnage. ARMITAGE runs past them, trying to escape the danger zone. JON grabs him by the collar as he passes and pulls him before the two detectives.\par
\pard\li3220\lang2057\par
JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Excuse me. Under a literal reading of the laws on shooting huge numbers of bullets at police officers, I believe I\rquote m rather obliged to arrest you.\par
\pard\par
ARMITAGE holds up an id card.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 ARMITAGE\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 I\rquote m with ISPA. I\rquote ve got a mandate from Mayor Starkey to seize that building and deal with any trespassers. This farce\rquote ll be over soon and the Archive\rquote ll still be mine afterwards. And you? You\rquote ve got no jurisdiction here, detective.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Curses.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Ahem.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 ARMITAGE\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Get lost, little bird. You\rquote ve got no jurisdiction either.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 (Pats body.) Now where did I leave my badge... Oh yes. On the mayor\rquote s desk. When I quit. (Turns to JON) Would you like to see me perform a citizen\rquote s arrest?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 That\rquote d be interesting.\par
\pard\par
BOB advances on a suddenly pale ARMITAGE. O\rquote HARA emerges from the carnage too, holding his wounded arm.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 O\rquote HARA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 You made it!\par
\pard\par
JON turns to see the captain and grins.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Of course. Justice watches over the righteous. And so does Bob.\par
\pard\par
O\rquote HARA looks over JON\rquote s shoulder at BOB and ARMITAGE with the curiosity of someone passing a car wreck.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 O\rquote HARA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 What is Riggs doing with that man?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 JON\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Performing a citizen\rquote s arrest.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 O\rquote HARA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 So long as I don\rquote t have to write it up. You boys want a lift?\par
\pard\par
BOB steps back towards JON and O\rquote HARA, wiping his hands on a handkerchief.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Depends. You like pizza?\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 O\rquote HARA\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Not particularly.\par
\pard\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Let\rquote s go.\par
\pard\par
BOB finishes wiping his hands and tosses the handkerchief aside. He looks around at the now-dying firefight. The surviving ISPA brown-shirts are surrendering, throwing down their guns and submitting to the cuffs and big sticks of the police.\par
\par
\pard\li3220 BOB\par
\pard\li1420\ri1420 Our work here is done.\par
\pard\par
JON, BOB and O\rquote HARA get into O\rquote HARA\rquote s car, conveniently parked in this street, and drive off, into the sunset.\par
\par
FADE OUT.\par
\par
}
 